 SPECIAL NOTE: For U.S. customers purchasing the illustrated edition of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, you will notice the text has NOT been converted to the "Americanized" version of the original U.S. releases (with the exception of changing all "Philosopher's Stone" mentions to "Sorcerer's Stone").  So far, I have noticed the following: (EU/US) dialling / dialing; Shan't! / Won't!; sherbet lemon / lemon drop; motorbike / motorcycle; and dustbin / trashcan.  For many purists of the series who never liked the idea of modifying the original text for an American audience, this is a good thing.  Good or bad is naturally for each reader to decide--just know, if you plan to read the books while listening to Jim Dale's audiobooks, you'll notice a few superficial differences.<br/><br/>The quality of this new illustrated edition is phenomenal.  I've been excited about the release of this book since it was announced, but I never expected the book as a whole to be so well crafted.<br/><br/>A couple of things to note:<br/>1. Underneath the book jacket, the novel is bound in a sturdy red hardback with gold lettering on the spine.<br/>2. The paper is thick with an eggshell glossy finish.<br/>3. All chapter intros are illustrated.<br/>4. Some images take up full pages or multiple pages.  Most illustrations share the page with text.<br/>5. Every inch of the book is illustrated or decorated in some fashion.  There are NO white pages in the book.  Even the pages without large illustrations have the paper printed and marked with ink blots or paper "stains".<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this for anyone looking to read the series (again, or for the first time), especially if you plan to read this with someone younger.  If this book is a demonstration of what is to come with the illustrated editions for the rest of the series, we're all in for six more impeccable treats.
 I LOVE THE STORY.  Illustrations are great.  PROBLEM is that the book came missing pages 153-168 because 137-152 were printed twice.  It took me a week to realize this.  You will want to check your books.  I'm sure Amazon will take care of me but thank goodness I wasn't gifting this.
 I think this is my third reading of the Harry Potter series. The first time is a precious memory to me. Our four children would all climb into our king size bed before bedtime and we would read one or two chapters each evening. We homeschooled so, as each child's reading progressed, they read a part too. Their mom died. They're in late 20s now. Five grandkids. Those will be ready to read to before we know it. But life is not always neatly packaged. I married a widow and moved us all. Today they are off to their own lives.  My four and I are scattered across four states and even overseas. So, I'm reading to myself now. I can't make a stronger recommendation than to say that I immediately purchased "The Order Of The Phoenix" after finishing this one. I also have the set in hardbound on the bookshelf beside me. But Kindle is just too convenient. *smile*
 These illustrated editions of Harry Potter were done right! All of the original text is there and the artwork is beautiful. Every page has something, whether it's an illustration that takes up a full double page spread, a little drawing in the corner, a thematic border, or just a visually textured background. It may sound chaotic, like the visuals could be too much and break up the flow of reading but it is not; it enhances the story as you turn the pages and delight in the new visuals that each page brings. I imagine these would be a great way to bring children into the story, but they're so nice you may want to protect and collect these beauties. I can't wait for them to release the others.
 My husband tried to surprise me with this order, but we share the amazon account ;)<br/>I WAS surprised though, because I didn’t realize it would be textbook size with all these amazing scenes drawn out. They’re AH-MAY-ZING drawings!! If you love Harry Potter, you will love these books. For some reason, hubs couldn’t find the first and second of the series (I did ;p) so he bought the third first, but we know the stories by heart so it doesn’t matter to me. I hope they put out all of them! It almost feels like how I felt waiting for the actual series to come out.
 This review is for the Kindle in Motion version of this book. What a delight it has been so far reading this version. The animated artwork is a wonderful addition and it really helps with the visuals in your head. There is a hardcover version of this exact book with the same artwork available. But for the price of $9.99, I think this Kindle in Motion version is well worth it. The hardcover version certainty would be a nice addition to any collection, but this Kindle version with its animations is really something special. Almost like reading the Daily Profit with its moving pictures. I really hope Kindle in Motion continues with the other books in the series as they are very fun to read. All in all, I highly recommend this specific Kindle version. Really, if you're going to shell out $8.00 anyway for the regular Kindle version, why not just go ahead and get this one. Its so much better for just a few dollars more.
 The book itself and illustrations are absolutely, incredibly extraordinary.  In that way, this is 100% a 10-STAR book and is absolutely to die for for Harry Potter fans. I was ravenous to get my hands on my copy as soon as it was delivered this morning, but was quickly disappointed.<br/><br/>First, Amazon's packaging was utterly and despicably inadequate. (See Photo)  My book was shipped in a box, with *no packing material* of any kind.  At first glance, it seemed OK.  But when I took a close look at my dust jacket, I was extremely upset to find that the gold foil lettering for "Harry Potter" had been rubbed away and destroyed completely in some places leaving ugly, black matte in its place-- pock marking the otherwise handsome gold lettering.  Also, the matte-finish of the dust jacket had been rubbed so badly due to the bad packaging that it left scars and shiny markings where the matte finish was worn off.  For an obvious gift/collectors item, this is absolutely unacceptable.  I called Amazon and they didn't seem to "get" what my fuss was all about and just offered to ship a replacement which, undoubtedly, will be shipped in exactly the same way.<br/><br/>Second, after I got over my initial outrage over the shipping/packaging.  I sat down to enjoy the actual book itself, which as I said is absolutely extraordinary! I was extremely cautious handling the book and binding, being unsure how tolerant the binding is of weight.  I carefully opened both the right and left sides of the binding and supported the weight of the opened cover using a small pillow.  By the time I reached the back 3/4th of the book (on Professor McGonagall's full page illustration) the binding separated from the spine the very first time I turned the page.  In other words, the binding fell apart during my very first pass through the book.  (See Photo).  Another thing that really drove me crazy was the way that the stitched in book mark was carelessly folded into the book.  It left dents all over my pages (See Photo), which of course had to be on a full page illustration of Hagrid!<br/><br/>Needless to say I'm in awe how Bloomsbury has managed to put together such an incredible project, with JK Rowling's remarkable literature and Jim Kay's otherworldly illustrations-- and allowed it to be put together in a low quality binding!  I noticed that all of the previous Harry Potter books were printed and bound in USA (some in Mexico) but this book was printed and bound in China.  I would like to hope that they would quality check a thing like this, but perhaps not.  Either way, I am extremely disappointed in the quality/binding of my book.  I would be interested to know if others are seeing the same thing. And please, Amazon, pack these books in bubble wrap and packing material! Not all alone in a box...<br/><br/>Update (October 9th): I have finally received my new book and it was in much, much better condition.  The cover and spine were tight, intact and falling apart from the binding like my original copy.  Addtl photos to follow...
 All of the Harry Potter books are 5-star. They are so good that they make it difficult to review other books. It's almost impossible to give any other book 5 stars when compared to this series.<br/>In relation to the rest of the series, The Order of the Phoenix is one of the best and most important books.  If you have read the first four books and are reading reviews to see whether you should continue, you should. If you are wondering whether you can read this book without having read the first four, I don't recommend it.
 The numerous illustrations are a wonderful addition to a brilliant book and will bring the story to life for young readers just growing into the series.  Be aware, however, that books in this new illustrated series are quite substantial in size and weight, with pages so wide that column format is used for the text.  I imagine that later books in the series will rival encyclopedias.  Prepare your bookshelf accordingly.
 I will start by saying that the illustrations and animations of the book are just magnificent, and give a fresh and even more interesting visual approach to the world of Harry Potter than the movies. I enjoyed each one of them and being an artist myself I understand the amount of time and effort to get this done. Congratulations for that. And that being said... (I am going to put in here a MAJOR SPOILERS warning, just in case someone has lived under a rock all these years) I don’t know if somehow I missed it... or if a couple of my digital version pages were stick together but... No portrait of Hermione? Seriously?? So many important moments missing! The wand choosing Harry, the glasses being fixed by Hermione Granger, the quidditch game, Hedwig meeting Harry for the first time... I was so disappointed for not seeing some of the best moments illustrated, and my only hope is that we can have some nice portraits and better decisions over the moments that deserve to be considered for the next books. I LOVED the portraits of Ron and Harry, and not having Hermione in the first book is a big missing opportunity. Still I enjoyed the book and I’m going to the digital store now to see if the next one is available.
 I am rereading the Harry Potter series, and once again experiencing the fun of visiting Hogwarts as well as all the characters in the wizarding world.  Order of the Phoenix follows in the footsteps of Goblet of Fire, where the series took a sharp turn and headed down a darker path. As Harry ages, the overall theme of each book keeps pace. Thus, Book 5 finds Harry dealing with many adult issues while struggling with teenage angst.<br/><br/>Ms. Rohlwing continues to add to her large cast of characters, perhaps introducing one of the most evil villains of the entire series in Dolores Umbridge. This is saying a lot, as there are plenty of fiends and devils willing to serve the Dark Lord. Perhaps it is because many of us can remember that one teacher in our own life who seemed to do everything in his or her power to inject misery into our lives. Those teachers (wrongly accused or not) live on in Umbridge.<br/><br/>Like all of Ms. Rohlwing’s books, this one is captivating, exciting, and almost impossible to set down. Five stars.
 I am beyond happy with this purchase. I got it as a gift for a close friend of mine and can not wait to give it to her. I read a couple of not so good reviews about the shipping method and some of the binding being in less than perfect condition so I thumbed through the book when it arrived. I would have preferred a little more packing material in with the book, it came in a box that left it plenty of room to roll around. But it didn't have any major flaws in the jacket so I'm not going to knock any stars off. The binding seemed to be in good shape. I didn't notice any loose pages or sections that were pulling away on my first glance.<br/>It's a very large book compared to a traditional hard cover Sorcerer's Stone and I love that. It gave plenty of room on the pages for great detail in the illustrations. Because it's so big the text is in columns on the pages, it doesn't really effect the quality of reading so you kind of forget about it after the first page. I did read the first couple of pages because this is written in traditional English not American English and I wanted to see what a difference that made. Other then Dudley's first word I didn't notice any textual differences so far. They kept the title American and that disappoints me a little.<br/>I really loved looking at this book. The pages are wonderfully detailed and help you fall even deeper into the story. I can't wait to see her face when she opens this, its a gift I'm sure any Harry Potter fan would adore.<br/><br/>*UPDATE*<br/>She LOVED it! I gave it to her and we spent an hour oohing and awing over the wonderful illustrations. Some of our co-workers also stopped and looked through it with us. They all said they are going to have to go buy these for themselves!
 Nearly everyone on the planet has read the Harry Potter books by now, so I’m not going to give this book a traditional review. I only want to talk about my reading experience with the illustrated edition of The Prisoner of Azkaban.<br/><br/>More than any other books, the Harry Potter Series spurred my love of reading. There were times in my life when I felt too busy or burdened to read, but I would always make time each summer for these books as they released. I quite literally grew up with the characters, reading the books at the same age as the characters were. I read the first book in 2000 when I was ten and The Deathly Hallows the summer after my senior year of high school. Even from childhood, I knew I wanted to share these books with my own children someday and have been waiting for the time when they would be old enough to comprehend the stories. Luckily, the books illustrated by Jim Kay were the perfect way to begin these books a little earlier with my young children.<br/><br/>We have a tradition going, though my kids know the movies inside and out, I’m being a bit of a mean mom and making my kids wait to read the books as the illustrated editions come out. We are at the mercy of Jim Kay’s talent, waiting until the Goblet of Fire is released in its illustrated form to continue with the series. I also don’t let my kids flip ahead to sneak peeks at the pictures. Each time we turn the page, a surprise is waiting for us on the other side. This makes reading the series even more fun than I expected, as we want to read to more and more just to look at the gorgeous artwork.<br/><br/>I was most excited to read The Prisoner of Azkaban because it’s my favorite book of the entire series. The Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs revelation blew my mind as a kid and I couldn’t wait for my kids to experience it too…since it’s unfortunately left out of the movie adaptation. As we crept toward the end of the story, my daughter was begging me to continue reading until my voice was so hoarse, I had to stop. As I hoped, she was nearly as excited about the ending of the story as I was as a child.<br/><br/>I’m extremely grateful for these moments, sharing my own childhood favorites with my kids, thanks to J.K. Rowling and Jim Kay. The books and the memories they have fostered will be forever cherished.
 I just finished the "Kindle-In-Motion" version of the first Harry Potter book and thoroughly enjoyed it. Jim Kay's illustrations were original and delightful. Even though I've read it before, the illustrations and the Kindle-in-Motion features made it a new, fresh, and very fun experience. I read it on my iPhone and the illustrations and new features worked wonderfully on a small screen. I immediately sought to buy the second Harry Potter book, "Chamber of Secrets," with Kindle-In-Motion and was disappointed to learn it wasn't yet available, so I'm eagerly awaiting it and the rest of the Harry Potter books in this great new format.
 This book is a must-have for any Harry Potter fan. It’s the exact same book (unabridged, full, word-for-word version) as the original, but it’s complete in a larger size and with dozens of BEAUTIFUL, vibrant, colorful illustrations that really help to bring the wizarding world to life. Not only is it so great to have as a collector’s item, but it’s the perfect version for children to read. The text is a little larger, and while the illustrations aren’t on every page, they really add a lot of beauty to an already amazing book.<br/><br/>This hardcover edition is complete with illustrated book jacket and woven-in fabric bookmark (not that you will ever need to use it, as it’s very hard to put this book down!)<br/><br/>I am really looking forward to the other books being completed and released, although I’m not sure how they’ll fit some of the longer books into one illustrated book, as the first is one of the shortest books, and this version is already quite thick for a large hardcover book at its size.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this version for any Harry Potter fan or for any child just starting to read the series. The illustrations really take the already magical world of Harry Potter to the next level of something truly special, and at this price, who could beat it?
 These illustrated books are SO wonderful.  The Harry Potter series is by far my favorite of all time (JK Rowling is a magical goddess).  Seeing them like this though...makes them even more special...HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?!  I really feel like I am reading some kind of treasure.  Each book has a beautiful hard cover in a nice large size, the pages are thick &amp; glossy, and the illustrations are SO well done.  I definitely NEED all of these in the Jim Kay versions.  They will have a permanent spot in my collection....lucky me!  I think the only down side is that this is quite a hefty book so you can't just sit with it in bed super casual, it's a table worthy book. If you want to do that you'll also have to get an e-reader version or paperback (which we also have of course).  I originally bought them for my kid for but she is not interested in them....YET.  If she wants her own someday, we'll have to buy a second set because I am NOT giving these up!
 First and most important, I didn't need pictures because Rowling constantly and consistently paints them in her writing.<br/>BUT, that being said, these books are a beautiful "Please read to me" book for the youngest set. They also are great for those readers that are not that enthusiastic about reading and need the occasional pause. The pictures give enough detail for these readers to want to continue to read because of what may come next.<br/>Sometimes even the brightest of children don't like to read. They love being read to or wait for the movie. These books give them just enough reading and then just enough tease to keep going.<br/>Sometimes the movies just don't do the books justice and reading them are much more fulfilling.<br/>If you have a youngster who you know can read, but just doesn't want to, these may be just the ticket!
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter on her 8th birthday. I am a huge reader, and have always read to my kids,  but my daughter isn't reading as much as I would like, so I was looking for something I could read to her that would help kindle a love of reading. As a 40-year-old, I kind of missed Harry Potter in its heyday, and was happy to have saved my first Potter book to share with her (and my 5 year old son who likes, it, too).<br/><br/>She cannot WAIT to come home and read with me, she could easily listen to me for an hour each night. The book is beautiful, with the right amount of illustration to get her excited to turn the pages, but no so much to as distract from reading.<br/><br/>The best part of the Potter series is that, over the course of the next year, I can turn over the reading reigns to HER - she'll be too engaged to stop reading these books, and will have to pick up where I leave off.
 By now nearly every one interested  in "Potter" has read the books and seen the movies. What more could you possible require to enhance or recall the memories of those wonderful stories? Well in my case an oversized, handsome, beautifully illustrated set of Potter books would be most  welcomed.<br/><br/>Here we are with book three, HP and "The Prisoner of Azkaban" chock full with the wonderful Jim Kay color illustration - some full double page. Yes, we treasure the words but the illustrations truly, I believe, bring the story to life.<br/><br/>Like most I have a full set of the Scholastic "door stops" editions in cheap paper soft cover getting yellowed by the day. As soon as the entire set is published in these Jim Kay beauties those old books will be donated and this collection will stand proud on my shelf.
 HOLY SMOKES! I am buying all of these when they each get released. This book is BEAUTIFUL! I bought this for my Eight Year Old son but I have ended up rereading H.P with him just so I can go through the illustrations of this book. Its like a whole new experience when you read it and you can visually see someone else's interpretation of what you are reading. I am totally digging the illustrators visuals too. SO BEAUTIFUL.
 I absolutely LOVE the Harry Potter series, and it is definitely one of my favorite series that I have ever read.  When I first started reading them I wasn't really sure that I would like them as I had unfortunately thought it was 'nerdy' when I was in school, and it was definitely a huge mistake!  It is still a very good read as an adult, but I really wish that I had started reading them when they came out.  I wanted my kids to be able to experience the magic of Harry Potter while they are young enough to believe in that kind of magic so we have started reading them together, and then watching the movie that coincides with the book.  They love the series as well though I don't think they like it as much as me since my daughter 'teases' me about it.  :)<br/><br/>This book is captivating from the very first sentence.  J.K. Rowling is a very gifted writer and is descriptive enough to be able to transport you to her world without being so wordy that you find yourself losing interest.  If you have not read this book yet then read it!  You will not be disappointed.
 It's hard to write a review for a book in a series that you've read more times than you can remember, and seen the movie more times than you could count. From that statement alone it should be obvious that I'm a big fan of the Harry Potter series. Do I write my review based upon my first time reading it, or the everlasting impression this book has left me with? I think that fact that this book has made me think and ponder certain ideas over the years, I think the everlasting impression should be the topic of my review.<br/><br/>After encountering Dolores Umbridge, I was left pondering the question "What is evil?" Voldemort is obviously the Villian of the series, however I feel Umbridge is a much more sinister and evil Villian than even Voldemort. Voldemort's actions and evil deeds are really very simple to understand. What motivates him is power and greed and he is willing to go to any lengths to achieve those goals. While evil in itself, his motives and actions are very straight forward and easy to understand. It is easy to see Voldemort for the evil that he is, which therefore keeps him in hiding only surrounded by his Death Eaters. Dolores Umbridge is a very different type of evil. Dolores Umbridge is the type of evil that we, the muggles that we are, encounter on a daily basis. They are the people who enjoy the hurt, pain, chaos and distrust they cause through their manipulations and lies. The enjoy the devastation they cause in their wake. The fact that she can create the heartache she relishes so much with a false smile, sweet sanguine falsetto, and splashes of whimsy to give the impression of naïveté and an innocent childlike behavior which puts one off initially of comprehending the true evil she inflicts to hide the monster she is, and the fact that through these false tactics she has risen to a position of power to inflict heartache unto others, shows she is a master at hiding her true psychopathic personality. This sick personality trait is shown most clearly when she makes Harry write lines in detention. She knows Harry is telling the truth, yet she lies and manipulates him until she is in a position of power directly over him in detention at which point she not only continues her lies causing mental anguish to Harry, she continues her evil machinations by causing him physical pain by forcing him to use her quill which scratches and ultimately scars Harry for the rest of his life. Umbridge enjoys Harry's suffering. She even inspects his hand at the end of each detention to make sure he is being cut and that his hand is bleeding and then in a well satisfied way compliments Harry on completing his detention. Her only praise is when Harry does something to cause hurt and pain and twists what he knows is the truth into something false. This is standard textbook psychopathic behavior in domestic abusers.<br/><br/>The fact that Doloros Umbridge can navigate society in such a way as to gain a position if importance in the Minisrptry of Magic and flourish in normal wizarding society while hiding her insidious psychopathic tendencies leaves her in an excellent position of power to inflict hurt to others. Her brand if evil is subtle and is not so obvious at a first glance which gives her the ability to "blend in" with others and yet she victimizes many in her wake, as she navigates through life. In Voldemort's case, his brand of evil is so obvious to everyone that he is an outcast of the wizarding community, which ultimately lessens the number of his potential victims to those simply standing in his way of power, while in Umbridge's case her victim pool is limitless die to her access to the community and all those she comes across.<br/><br/>So here is the moral question I have pondered for many years since reading this book for the first time. "Which Behavior Is More Evil?" Personally, I feel Dolores Umbridge is the much more evil of the two characters based upon the reasons given in the prior paragraph. Whether you agree or disagree with me is not the point. The point is to make you think and ponder for yourself. The fact that this book makes you think long after you've turned the last page, is a mark of literacy success. Whiter you've read Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix once, or a hundred times, it is always a great novel to read again and again, and question what constitutes as evil.
 I got this book, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, after my old copy got lost during a move. I just couldn't not have this book in my book collection! The Harry Potter books were the reason I fell in love with reading and make-believe worlds and I have JK Rowling to thank for that. The writer created a magical, wizarding world which will inevitably give you homey and warm feelings all over; by the end of this book, you'll want to be a wizard! The book is about a young boy, Harry Potter, and his adventures in Hogwarts (a wizarding school) after discovering he is a wizard by a very diverse, funny, warm and very big, Hagrid, the groundskeeper at Hogwarts. We're introduced to the rest of the trio, Hermione and Ron in Hogwarts. Rowling takes us through Harry's struggles at being an orphan, a newly wizard, and famous for surviving a curse by the darkest wizard of all times; it easily keeps you hooked! I loved the amazing character development we see with the trio, especially with Ron, who started out shy and awkward but slowly became braver.<br/>This book is full of mystery, adventure, and multiple plot twists and I couldn’t be happier! The Harry Potter books are a must for any fantasy, magical readers. I rate it an easy 5 star! JK Rowling wrote a masterpiece and everyone (no matter the age) will fall in love with the wizarding world.
 It's Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  Illustrated.<br/><br/>That should be enough by itself.  But I feel like I should add more to the review.  I won't speak to the text, since that is so well known already.<br/><br/>The book is larger - much bigger than either the paperbacks or hardbacks of the HP books.  Think more coffee table sized books.  Almost every page has some sort of "decorative" image, and at least every 2-3 pages has an illustration.  Some are small, just sketches in the corner.  Some are full page (or full two pages), gorgeously done illustrations.<br/><br/>The illustrator was influenced slightly by previous art and the movies, but also is able to put his own spin on it.  The result is a book of unique yet utterly faithful and instantly recognizable illustration of beloved characters and stories.  The book also comes with a fabric bookmark.<br/><br/>I already have 2-3 copies of the HP books, yet I had to get this when it came out. I will probably buy another copy to read with my son when he is a few years older.
 To check my full review go to Inkish Kingdoms Wordpress! For more reviews and amazing pictures!<br/><br/>I loved that this book was very long, it gave to me the sensation that nothing will end and that the horrible moment of his return will never come... but it did and now I know that business is going down!<br/><br/>I believe that "Hermio ni ni's" importance was taken away on the movies. I knew that she was the reason why Potter was able to survive so long, but then I started reading the books... and she indeed was the reason why Harry did not die so long ago (besides other things). Now, I must confess that Harry seemed to be a useless kid, but then on the books my perspective changed completely. He might not be as good and such a prodigy as "Hermi ni ni", but he is not a coward, and he proves that he can give a fight.
 Okay as always great book by J. K. Rowling.  But this particular copy or print if you will is substandard.  Swear it's like holding a copy of the bible. No joke the paper is horribly thin. Like bible paper. I bought each book and this was the only copy with this horribly thin,  see though paper. To top it off the cover is not properly cut. Close the book and you see paper over the cover. Just a bad print in all. Would not recommend.
 As a repeat reader of the Harry Potter series, I was excited to add this lovely book to my collection. However, I was surprised to see the number of typographical errors. I have always found it annoying when I suddenly have to stop and figure out what's wrong with the sentence. Some of what appear to be "typos" are British spelling, which is okay but I just wasn't expecting it. And while the coloring and shading is attractive, it is hard to read the print at times because the more glossy pages reflect light and require moving the book to where the words can be read. Perhaps it is meant to be only a coffee table book.
 What can you say about the Harry Potter books that hasn't already been said?  Obviously this is not the book to start with (you want Philosopher's (or Sorcerer's, depending on locale) Stone for that one), but it's a very skillful bridge between the more lighthearted first books and the much darker later books.  Not my favorite of the series, but then I love the later, darker, somewhat more complex ones that come later.  This is solid fantasy, with a lot of unexpected twists and turns, excellent character development, an engaging story, and 'bad guys' that aren't just one-dimensional (the ones that may seem so gain more complexity in later books, as well).  Any fantasy fan - or reader of any kind - absolutely needs to read this series.  As with any Harry Pottery novel, if you've only seen the movie, you definitely need to read the book as so much is left out (like entire plot lines) and much of the magic (see what I did there) is lost in translation.  If you've never read Harry Potter before, go back and start at the beginning.  If you've read up til now and are unsure about continuing, I urge you to do so.  The books only get better as the series goes on.
 I bought this for my daughter, for Christmas.  I told her that once she learned how to read, I'd buy her the first Harry Potter book-she's a big fan of the movies.  I was very pleased when it came, some of the other reviews said it arrived damaged, but mine was absolutely pristine.  The illustrations are amazing, and it makes the book so fun for me to read again, this time to my little one.  Every page has some sort of detail- they don't all include pictures but the ones with plain text are still printed with little decorations or the pages might look like they're from an old book- it's really fun to turn each page.  It also includes an attached red ribbon bookmark, so it's easy to keep our place.  It's a bog book, almost more like a textbook size, and that means that those illustrations have tons of detail.  I couldn't recommend it any more highly, it was worth every penny.  I am SO hoping they do the entire series.
 I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series. I started reading them in 1998, when I was 13. Now, at 31, I am just as in love with the world and characters as ever. When I saw this book in Barnes &amp; Noble, I HAD to have it. I chose to buy it online because it was cheaper (I bought a new one). When it arrived, all I could do for a while was stroke the cover and pages and coo at how beautiful it was. I felt a little traitorous in loving the illustrations so much (sorry Mary Grandpre, lol), but I got over that. I own all of the other books, but I really love this version. Not only because it is beautiful, but because it is a format that I can read to my 5 year old son. I can't wait for him to love the books as much as I do. I will be buying every illustrated version that is produced.
 t was wonderful revisiting this story. The last time I did a reread was when I bought the illustrated edition and of course, it all started with me looking at the beautiful illustrations and the next thing you know I was lost to this world. Honestly, it never gets old.<br/><br/>Rowling’s writing is marvelous from pacing to her ability to express the character’s emotions. I know there are folks who have not yet read the series (gasps). I, of course, cannot recommend them enough regardless of format. The movies are brilliant, but only scratch the surface of what the books and audios have to offer. If you love Harry Potter but have never tried audio, this is the perfect time to listen.
 I wasn't caught up in the initial hype over this series, but after seeing several of my kids and wife immensely enjoy these books I began to think maybe I should read them myself.  After having attended numerous Harry Potter themed parties from such occasions as a nearby city museum's Halloween party themed around Harry Potter to a surprise birthday party for a daughter, Harry Potter has been a fun theme that has brought fun and joy to numerous social occasions with my family and friends.  I finally began reading the Harry potter book series and find them as enjoyable as many of my favorite books from childhood like the chronicles of Narnia or the castle of Llyr.  Thanks mrs Rowling for bringing such joy to me and my family and providing an excuse for a great theme to build memories around!
 I love this book. It is quite large and the illustrations are wonderful. I ordered it from AfterGlow Inc, which cost less than my local bookstore and they did a great job of getting the book here on time and in perfect condition.<br/><br/>I have a few different editions of this book and I have not read this edition yet. I just received it and wanted to review on how beautiful it is. I have seen other reviews stating that the binding on their books came unglued quickly. I cannot state how this one will hold up, but it appears to be made very well with thick, quality pages and feels quite sturdy. For now, it looks quite wonderful on my coffee table, but I look forward to (re)reading it soon.
 OVERALL - I loved this book.<br/>This was the best book I've ever read. I still think about it every day. It changed my life.<br/><br/>PACING - It was addicting.<br/>I couldn't put this book down. I wanted to read it every free moment.<br/><br/>PLOT - The plot was perfect.<br/>I loved this book. It was the best book I have read in a long time, an instant classic.<br/><br/>CHARACTERS - They felt real.<br/>There was a hook at the end of each chapter that kept me reading, and it never felt too fast or too slow.<br/><br/>IMMERSION - Fully transported. I was convinced that the world was real, and at times I was there with the characters.<br/>I loved this book. It was the best book I have read in a long time, an instant classic.<br/><br/>ORIGINALITY - I loved this book.<br/>There was a hook at the end of each chapter that kept me reading, and it never felt too fast or too slow.<br/><br/>EDITING - Perfect design and editing.<br/>There was a hook at the end of each chapter that kept me reading, and it never felt too fast or too slow.
 This book is an magical master piece dramatic but peaceful. This wonderful book created by j.k Rowling is just one of her amazing work. With Harry going through a difficult time ,with Sirius,the only one Harry trusts and I think the newly every one can relate to that.  With Harry just leaning how to use his powers and the help and support of his friends and the horrific event of Mr Weasly that  shocked the hole family this is just a truly inspiring book and on of my favourite in the Harry potter series and I think that everyone should read. These books have taught be lessons that I never would have none of it if J.K Rowling it wasn't for brilliant mind I think this book teaches you to make sense of your friends and if someone you know or love die s and you won't them back you all ways have help. I hope you read this book and a big thanks to j.k Rowling my favourite author I hope she will keeps on giving more hope for the people that need it. Thank you J.K Rowling we all love you.<br/>By Saoirse Lyons<br/>Age 11
 I'm a late comer to the Harry Potter mania.  I wasn't even interested in reading the books or watching the movies until I got a free blu-ray copy of the Deathly Hallows with my new blu-ray player.  I watched part 1 and 2 and then I rushed out to the store to buy the first two movies.  I had to see how it all started.  After viewing all of them I wanted to read the books.  I had found that the U.S. (Scholastic) version was slightly different from the original UK version by Bloomsbury.  It seems the US publishers felt we would understand the British slang.  Anyway, I wanted the UK version and purchased this edition. I didn't have any problems with the British text. The jacket is very nice with a beautiful picture of the Philosopher's stone on the front and a picture of J.K. Rowlings on the back.  The book itself is nicely bound in black.  There are no pictures on the book itself, only gold lettering on the spine.  There are also no illustrations inside the book either since it is the "adult version," I suppose.  The papers are a soft parchment color instead of bright white and is of nice quality.<br/>  Of course the book was fun and it really draws you into the Harry's newly discovered wizard world, and into Harry's life.  I have enjoyed getting to know the other characters as well. Much of the text is word for word the script of the movie.  I'm not sure if the first edition was this close since I haven't read it, but I would like to.  I also understand that this (2004) edition corrected some mistakes that were in the original text.  There is a whole website devoted to the books that explains the differences page by page.<br/>At 223 pages, it is a quick read and one I will probably reach for many times over the years.  Thank you J.K. Rowling for sharing your vision.
 As a huge Harry Potter fan, I was nothing short of busting a nut when thinking about reading the new illustrated version of HP and The Sorcerer's Stone. I am a visual person and I could not wait for a new and enhanced experience of reading a favorite book. However, I did have some small doubt because the last time I read this particular novel I was still in my teenage years. Now that I am 26 years old, I was apprehensive because I did not know how I would feel reading a story about an 11 year old wizard.<br/><br/>During the first half of the novel, my worst nightmares as a Potter fan had become a reality. I was not enjoying the book as I had so many times during my youth. The story felt very juvenile and on top of that, the illustrations, although beautiful, were not adding anything new to my reading experience.<br/><br/>That was until I began to read the chapter The Mirror of Erised. In this chapter there is a full page illustration of Harry looking into the mirror and I am not going to lie...it was absolutely heartbreaking. I do not get emotional very much when reading novels, but this stirred something inside of me to the point that tears began to well into my eyes. I even became emotional talking about it in my video review : https://youtu.be/cdcP_fIFbcM<br/><br/>After that point, my worries faded and the story blossomed from an 11 year old wizard's rags to riches story to a tale of triumph, maturity, and friendship.<br/><br/>I never thought that I could love Harry Potter more, but after reading the novel (an illustrated one at that!) again as an adult has only strengthened my adoration and love for J.K. Rowling and her Harry Potter novels.
 I started reading this series to my 9-year-old son to see if I could interest him in chapter books. He loved the books instantly, but I will admit that the first few books were a bit too young for me.<br/>This book and the last (Goblet of Fire) have been really engaging and I looked forward to our reading sessions, which are sometimes as long as 3-4 hours, if we have the time. That's a long time to read aloud and I was very surprised that my rather kinetic, athletic boy kept begging for "one more chapter!"<br/>What a wonderful experience to share.
 I grew up with Harry Potter, it was very important for me to have this book to read to my kids.<br/><br/>I didn't do much research on the illustrated version, but I wasn't expecting what arrived. I honestly expected it to be a graphic novel (Like how "The Last Unicorn" and "Twilight" were converted into, a sort of comic-book version) - Instead I received a book with pictures and text.<br/><br/>I am not upset with this at all, just surprised, and honestly if I would have known prior, I still would have purchased it, the illustrations are enough to help my 5 year old keep up, although I suspect I will re-read this book many times before she truly understands.<br/><br/>The illustrations are beautiful, it is wonderful to reread this book and MYSELF re-discover many things I had forgotten over the years. (Or just have a greater understanding of)<br/><br/>My daughter is loving snuggling on the couch before bed, with hot chocolate, blankets and a chapter of Harry Potter, sure it wasn't what I expected, but it's still wonderfully perfect
 My 9yr old loves to read, but the problem comes when the book contains ONLY words - no pictures. I don't blame him. You learn from years of reading how to turn that television on in your head to make up videos of what is happening in a story. I thought he was ready to be immersed in the world of Harry Potter (some parts of the story gets pretty dark), so I bought this book. The pictures in this book are beautiful, sometimes sprawling across BOTH pages. It really brings the story to life. It took a few weeks of reading every day, but my son really enjoyed the book, thanks to the pictures. Each picture also elicit discussions between him and I - whats in the picture, why is it depicted that way, how does the picture make you feel. We got to watch the movie together after reading this book and that brought up another whole bunch of commentary. Anyways, I enjoyed reliving this story with my son and the pictures made it a wonderful read for him. We  have even started reading the next book, and that is more of the great illustrations seen in this book. I can't wait to go thru all the books.
 I'm probably the only person on earth who had never read Harry Potter. I'm taking seriously Amazon's rating system in which 4 stars means "I liked it" and 5 stars means "I loved it." I liked it. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was a fun read, creative, humorous, more absorbing than I expected. As someone who strongly prefers realism over fantasy, I thought I might be bored, but I wasn't. I genuinely enjoyed the book, which had good character development and never stopped moving. But I wasn't sorry when the book ended, and I don't plan to read the others in the series. Fantasy is just not my genre.  So now I'm back to reading either historical or contemporary fiction, because I think real life has a depth to it that fantasy cannot match.
 I have always been a fan of these books and they hold a special place in my heart. Now that my daughter is 6 I wanted to share them with her. She's never heard of Harry Potter or seen the movies (I wanted her to experience the books first) and this illustrated version was perfect for reading with someone so young. The interactive art was beautiful and helped shape the story in her young imagination. She's only recently been exposed to chapter books and the magic of Harry Potter captured her heart. I really hope the Chamber of Secrets Kindle Motion Illustrated version and all the other books are soon to come out soon. I don't have an iPad so reading the ones on Pottermore isn't really an option.
 I LOVE these Harry Potter CDs. They are unabridged (not shortened versions) with JIM DALE reading the books and doing all the voices. He is FANTASTIC! Love to listen in my car while driving, it really makes an awful commute go quickly, as I get lost in the stories. I am much less stressed when I arrive at my destination!
 What a beautiful book. This is the most amazing thing I have. I plan on collecting the whole set. This is a collector for sure. This is a great way for younger children to keep up with this wonderful story. The artwork is fabulous. I’ve never seen anything like it. It’s like reading the movie with all the details in the book. It’s a wonderful collaboration. This is a must have.
 I bought this as a gift for my niece's ninth birthday.  She is reading a bit ahead of her grade level and, at her mother's suggestion, I wanted to get her started on one of my favorite series so that we could read it at the same time.  The book is printed in columns, which is a little different, but the illustrations are fantastic!  It also has a lovely, thin, red ribbon in the spine for a bookmark.  My niece was excited to receive the book, and I think it will be something she treasures the way I treasure my copies from almost 20 years ago.
 I would suggest this read to anyone who loves fantasy or Adventure. This book is only one of the incredible book series and worth the read for all ages. Although it is quite lengthy the content will keep you captivated throughout the entirety of the novel.<br/><br/>But digital download was a great option because I was able to have the book downloaded at the touch of a fingertip and within only a couple of seconds before I was reading. I am also the type of reader who always forgets to bring my book with me, so with the digital download I don't have to worry about leaving anything behind.
 Illustrations are amazing. I've heard that they are coming out with every book in the series, releasing one each year. If so, I hope to collect each one for Christmas each year for my family. I purchased the Chamber of Secrets, and it is equally amazing. My only concern for the future books, is the content gets darker as the books go along. Not only that, but the following books in the series are much bigger as well. My hope is that the illustrated books will still come out despite these problems, and that they'll still keep the price down, despite needing a lot more content for the longer books.<br/>On another note, despite the book being titled "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone", all the words are apparently from the British version "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone". There are only slight changes though with certain words.
 I was so excited to see this, as I'd been waiting impatiently for my four-year-old to gain enough patience to sit through a book as long as Sorcerer's Stone with no pictures. This is the perfect way to introduce him to the world of Harry Potter! We're about a third of the way through and he loves it, and the pictures are definitely part of what keeps his interest. When a new character is introduced he wants to find their picture, and when we come to a big scene like the two-page spread of the Hogwarts Express scene shown on the cover, he loves to look at it and identify everything he recognizes. Some pictures are nothing like my mental image, some are better than the movies - but all of them are a detailed and beautiful interpretation of the text.<br/><br/>No, there aren't pictures on every page - but if you've felt how heavy this book is already, you must realize that adding even more pictures would make it unwieldy. I know they're going to release one more illustrated edition, but I can't imagine they'll keep it up through the longer books. Hopefully my son will be old enough to sit through without the pictures by then!
 I've always liked the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, if largely for the sheer spectacle of the Triwizard Tournament. Unlike its predecessors, the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is very different from the book - necessitated in part because the book is almost twice the length of Prisoner of Azkaban.<br/><br/>Goblet of Fire contains an entire subplot about House-elf rights not even referenced in the films. It's an interesting social commentary and adds another layer of moral complexity to the Harry Potter series. Unfortunately, the characters' responses to the House-elves plight puzzles me, to say the least.<br/><br/>Harry, Hermione, and Ron learn that Dobby now works at Hogwarts as a free Elf. However, they also learn that hundreds of House-elves work in Hogwarts, basically as slaves. This immediately strains credibility. Harry, Hermione, and Ron have all snuck around Hogwarts at night. In Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry even learns about the secret passageways. I simply cannot believe that they'd never spotted any House-elves during their three years at the school. Up to this point. Hermione seemed to know every minute detail about the school and its history. Perhaps they were simply never curious and, like many kids, never wondered about the domestic help who cleaned up after them.<br/><br/>Hermione takes a strong interest in the plight of the House-elves and decides to form the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare (S.P.E.W.) to advocate for Elf rights. Despite her best efforts, neither Harry nor Ron join her crusade. In fact, they seem blasé about the House-elf situation and believe that the Elves are happy to work at Hogwarts. Harry even seems a tad insensitive; for Christmas, he gives Dobby - who risked his life for Harry in Chamber of Secrets - an old sock. Meanwhile, Ron teases Hermione for being obsessed with S.P.E.W.<br/><br/>I'm all for letting Harry and Ron's characters wade into morally ambiguous territory, but this setup doesn't quite ring true. If anything, given his backgrounds, Harry should have been more sympathetic to the plight of House-elves than Hermione. When we first met him in Sorcerer's Stone, the Dursleys basically treated Harry like a House-elf, forcing him to do chores and otherwise stay out of sight. In Chamber of Secrets, he actually developed a friendship with Dobby, and thus should have had a personal stake in the House-elf question.<br/><br/>As any social activist knows, personal appeals are often the most effective. I kept waiting for Hermione to say something like: "Harry, did you like the way your uncle and aunt treated you? Living under that staircase? Didn't they order you to act happy in front of guests? Imagine your life if Hagrid hadn't come to rescue you. How different is your situation from the House-elves, really? Except they don't have a Hagrid." Even if such an appeal didn't convince Harry to wholeheartedly join S.P.E.W., I think the character really need to confront the fact that he was turning his back on individuals in a situation similar to what he experienced under the Dursleys.<br/><br/>Believability aside, the House-elf subplot adds an interesting twist by suggesting that the world readers saw simply as "magical" in Sorcerer's Stone actually runs on slave labor. Again, as Harry grows up, the world is no longer black and white. As Sirius Black says, "If you want to know what a man's really like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors..." At the same time, Rowling strikes a delicate balance. Despite Hermione's pleading, the plight of the House-elves isn't so desperate that readers become disgusted with Harry or Ron. The House-elves have always been somewhat comical figures and do seem to genuinely prefer servitude. We might admire Dobby's Braveheart-like passion for freedom, and we be frustrated by the limits of Harry's compassion, but I doubt many readers come away from Goblet of Fire thinking that Harry condones slavery.<br/><br/>If anything, Goblet of Fire seems to use the House-elf subplot as social commentary on society's blind neglect of societal injustice. We know that problems exist in the world but rarely do we do anything about them. Most of us - and Rowling's largely Western, middle-class readership - never dig too deeply into the lives janitors, waiters, bus drivers, etc. A news article about Asian companies using slaves to catch seafood might jolt some readers, but will probably prevent few from taking action - if they even remember the following day. Goblet of Fire doesn't seem to imply that, in accepting House-elf servitude, Harry - or readers who engage in similar blind neglect - is becoming like Voldemort. It does make clear though that Harry will have to learn pity before he can become a truly admirable adult.<br/><br/>For all my discussion about the House-elves, they're a small part of Goblet of Fire. The later Harry Potter books continue the House-elf subplot. There's some payoff for Harry and Ron's character development, but oddly the larger issue of House-elf rights remains unresolved by the final book. Perhaps this is meant to convey the difficult of social change? In any case, the House-elf question provides an interesting subplot throughout he series, but I wish the characters had had more meaningful and personal conversations about the subject.
 If you're like me, then you love reading Harry Potter in simplified Chinese. This is the official copy and nothing like the shanzhai copies you'll find on street corners in any mainland first or second tier city. Those translations read more like fan fiction with Ron, Hermione and Harry always snuggling a little close. This one is the real deal.<br/><br/>You may get this copy and think it seems slim compared to the English version. But Chinese is a highly conserved written language. It's all here.
 When I first heard that Harry Potter had been translated into Irish, I was ecstatic to find a copy, but when I searched around the first time (over a year ago), the only copies I could find were listed at $150+, so I wasn't going to get one of those. Finally, after waiting for close to a year, Amazon (U.S.A.) finally has it for sale! I can't say how good it is to finally have a copy.<br/><br/>Most people when they're learning Irish read classic literature, so it's good to have a book to be able to read that comes straight from our own times. I also find it helpful to use the English version side-by-side so I can see how certain things were translated into Irish.<br/><br/>If you're a beginning Irish learner, though, I would try for something simpler first, as this book would be better suited for a more advanced Irish speaker, because of the strange and often difficult vocabulary (such as in the title, 'Órchloch' won't be found in any dictionary because it's a combination of words).<br/><br/>Regardless of whether you'll be able to read it as soon as you get it, it's worth it to simply have a good piece of literature in Irish such as this.
 Great version of Harry Potter for my little kids!  I loved the books and want my kids to experience reading them as well.  This book would be great for a coffee table centerpiece as a conversation starter.  We bought this book based off of the recommendation of a friend, and we decided to read it as a book club book with our kids.  My girls might not like the traditional type of books, without pictures, but this is something that they are intrigued by and want to read more.  They love to read from it every night.
 I assume most people are already familiar with the story and writing of Sorcerer's Stone.  I am concerned here with the layout and the illustrations, both of which were magical.  The illustrations ran from simple page texture to two-page spreads, from small embellishments (like the spiders in Harry's cupboard crawling across the page) to diagrams of the differences between dragon eggs.  At no point did I feel like the illustrations got in the way of the text and my ability to read it.<br/><br/>I was equally happy to see that the illustrations were a mix of originality and previous expectation.  Without having to read the accompanying text, I could tell that this image was of Snape, or that was of Neville.  But they weren't drawings taken directly from the films.  They were unique and taken directly from text description.<br/><br/>I am delighted to add this book to my collection and eagerly await the illustrated editions for the rest of the series!
 The wife loves anything potter and I love when they go on sale. I'm glad every holiday season I find these on discount. Saves me a few dozen bucks. The book itself are all amazing. The books are really thick and heavy. The drawings are amazing and detailed and help to almost tell part of the stories. These aren't some little sketches to just give you an idea what the story its about. It's almost like paintings telling their own stories. The wife loves them!
 This is definitely an important book in the Harry Potter series, combining many previous events and plot points with new and challenging ones to set up what I look at as a new segment in the saga.  Things certainly aren't the same when this year ends.<br/>  First, the TriWizard Tournament is being held for the first time in about a hundred years and potential contestants from two other schools come to Hogwarts, the tournament's host, to earn the honor of representing their institutions by competing in three challenging and potentially lethal tasks.  But things quickly go wrong as a fourth "champion" is selected by the magical selection goblet, otherwise known as the Goblet of Fire.  Harry Potter becomes that fourth champion despite having not entered himself in any way and there having never been more than three champions, one per school, in the history of the tournament.<br/>  Nevertheless magically bound to compete, Harry works to prepare himself while half of Hogwarts, including his best friend, Ron Weasley, stands against him under the belief he somehow entered himself to steal the fame and glory, an argument some have made in the past in regards to various events.  Meanwhile, mysterious things are going on at Hogwarts, involving people long-believed dead and/or loyal followers of Lord Voldemort.<br/>  As always, Hermione Granger is my favorite character and she really does prove herself quite useful in many ways.  Ron going nuts over her relationship with Harry's fellow competitor, Victor Krum, is generally amusing.  I found it really funny when Hermione explained how she had done her hair all nice and neat for the Yule Ball and then added that she wouldn't make that a daily habit as it was too much work...really, you can't just flick your wand and make it happen in like a second?  That whole matter is only topped by her comment about Ron having the emotional range of a teaspoon.<br/>  Alastor Moody, a.k.a. "Mad-Eye" Moody, the new Defense against the Dark Arts teacher who's "seen it all", was my favorite faculty member.  I know there's more too him, so I'm judging based on pre-revelation events.  The incident where he turned Malfoy into a ferret is something I could read over and over again.  Moody was a class act!<br/>  While I missed Hogwarts Quidditch, I did get the Quidditch World Cup, which also gave us a chance to catch up once more with characters who would otherwise not be in this book (i.e. Oliver Wood.)  The World Cup was enjoyable, though I'd love to know how Bulgaria's team felt about their Seeker's personal strategy.<br/>  The tournament tasks at Hogwarts were also pretty cool, but I question the need to spread them out across a year...I could probably squeeze it all into three weeks.  I'm sure there's a lot of tradition to it, but it gets very much in the way of the students' education, as there's no indication that exams are called off for anyone besides the competitors.  Also, what do the students from Beauxbatons Academy and Durmstrang Institute do all year.  Only one of them is competing.  It's nice they stick around to cheer on their "champion" but do they just miss a whole year of school?<br/>  Ultimately, I am nit-picking when it comes to the problems I have.  This was a great book which gave us a real big turning point in the series as a whole.  It presented a climax normally reserved for perhaps the penultimate installment of a series and promised that nothing would falter in the coming books.  Given the quality of the first four books, I have no concerns about holding this series and J. K. Rowling to that promise.  Enjoy.
 When I was 11 I got an illustrated copy of The Hobbit. I read it in less than a month and it only took me that long because I poured over the incredible coloured illustrations for ages before turning the page to continue reading.<br/>Well, this book is certainly not The Hobbit, or The Lord of the Rings, but it is certainly reminiscent of that.<br/>The illustrations are beautiful and the book is heavy and substantial, just like a great book should be. True readers will know what I mean.<br/>Maybe your kid isn't ready for Tolkien, but if they are ready for Harry Potter, buy this version; I think it will light the fire in their literary hearts.
 Potter lovers should eat this UNIQUE offering up! Things move, not the way you think they might. The illustrations are fabulous, and you can actually learn more about the world of Harry Potter. The successful beginning of an entirely new genre of "moving stories." Do NOT listen to those who would denigrate something entirely fresh and new.... They just want to slow it down until they can catch up... This is a wonderful way to see the world of Harry Potter while reading.
 Absolutely beautiful! Harry Potter fan or first time reader of this great story will be delighted. Big heavy volume so younger readers might be more comfortable at a table or desk with a book holder. You should probably place a dust jacket protector as the book itself is cloth covered with no illustration on the cover so if it rips or is soiled you lose the great cover illustration. Every page is brain candy and if you're like me you will be craving the next illustrated volume till all of them are in your home.
 This book is exactly what my daughter needed to help spark her interest in the Harry Potter series! The print is the same as the non illustrated version but the pictures are absolutely beautiful! My daughter is more visual, so a bunch of pages without pictures bore her and she doesn’t retain the material. She was so happy with this book she kept stopping to tell me what just happened and showed me the pictures. I definitely recommend this version! If nothing else, it’s just pretty to look at while you read a classic/timeless story. She was able to to test on this book in school and did well on it! Gave her a lot of AR points for it too!
 18 months ago I told a friend of mine I would like to see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child...having never read a Harry Potter book. Our tickets were for 2/21/19. By December I had read two books. I read the last 5 and saw all 8 movies in 8 weeks. The Order of the Phoenix was a part of these amazing people stealing my heart. While I like the Sirius Black in the movie better than the aspect of him I saw in The Order of the Phoenix, I appreciate the continued opening to me of the remarkable courage of these people. Thank you Jo Rowling and all the rest of you who make our time in the wizarding world so rich;
 This book was FINALLY in stock on Amazon so I purchased it right away. The illustrations by Jim Kay bring the world of Harry Potter to a whole other level. I purchased this book (and will purchase the series) to introduce my 6 year old to the Wizarding World. He’s been begging me to start Harry Potter and I think he’s finally old enough. I am excited to introduce him to the HP world we all love (I’m obsessed). What makes it even more special is that I get to go on that journey with him and this book is the perfect portkey.
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire 5★<br/>I own hard and paperback books. Rereading series because it's available to loan for kindle and other ebook format on overdrive.com<br/><br/>I didn't dive into these books when it was first released. I actually started reading them after this book was published. My youngest sister encouraged me to read them. She actually begged for me to read them just so she can have someone to talk to about them. So being a good big sis to her, I succumbed. And now, no thanks to lil sis, I'm addicted to this. Since then, I've reread this series about 4 times counting now. But this time, I've been adding notes to the ebook.<br/>Goblet of Fire is a good book. I found a lot of discrepancies between book and movie. But I like both about the same.<br/><br/>I wrote this review Friday, April 18, 2014
 This book is absolutely stunning. The illustrations are absolutely beautiful, and it’s so well made. I bought this for my neice’s 8th birthday, and for my 7 year old step son for Christmas. We have been reading it at bedtime, which has been a solid bonding experience and reminiscent of some fond childhood memories. I’ve been having fun trying to channel my inner Jim Dale (Narrator for Harry Potter audiobooks, godsend if you have little ones who have trouble falling/going to sleep!)<br/><br/>Anyway, it’s been such a pleasure watching my little one turn into as big of a Potterhead as I am! I can’t wait to buy the rest of the illustrated books in the series!
 Not that you need another reason and/or excuse to re-read the Harry Potter series but the Illustrated Edition is an ideal excuse. The illustration is gorgeous. There are illustrations on nearly every page some illustrations include a two page spread, others a character portrait and then finally bonus illustrations such as Newt Scamander's Guide to Trolls and a page from Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit depicting dragon shell eggs. I absolutely love this illustrated edition.  I will probably read it aloud to my Pop Funko Harry Potter figures and imaginary friends.
 I love all of the Harry Potter novels, but this one is by far my favorite! From the very first time I read it as a 7 year old (when the book first came out in 1999) I loved the change of pace from the other books in the series - for once, Lord Voldemort is not the main antagonist, and instead it's Sirius Black - or at least so we think! The ending contains one of the biggest plot twists in the entire series, and it's ultimately less about fighting evil and more about finding family and belonging.<br/><br/>This purchase was actually a replacement - as my first edition copy had been read so many times by me, my sister, and my parents, that the binding was pretty much destroyed and the pages quite stained (because obviously putting the book away during lunchtime is not an option for 7-12 year old Potterheads)
 Downloaded so my kids could read Harry Potter with the animations.  ANIMATIONS DOES NOT WORK on Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 with following specifics:<br/>Model : GT-P5210<br/>Android Version : 4.4.2 (latest update)<br/>Amazon Kindle (app) : Version 8.16.0.57 (latest update)<br/>This tablet is the kid's tablet, hand me down.<br/>Book still reads, but it's just a standard kindle ebook.<br/>While I understand older tablets might not be compatible, Amazon needs to explicitly state which devices this content will work on since others might and will experience this problem.
 Really love Harry Potter and wanted to try out the audio CDs while driving to and from work (I get tired of listening to music). Unfortunately, these CDs are expensive so I only bought the first one. Overall, I like it, but I don’t like that the end of each CD often stops in the middle of a chapter. You would think that they could plan it better so that the end of each CD ends as closely to the end of a chapter as possible. It’s hard to remember what’s going on during the time that you have to switch CDs and especially if you have to stop it for later. Love the narrator! He is awesome.
 I ordered this cassette book because one of the tapes broke in my set and I needed to replace it.  I have all of the Harry Potter books on tape as well as in book.  I pop the cassette tape in, get the book open, and let the cassette read to me.  The MANY-MANY voices that Jim Dale has to portray in this entire series is simply amazing!<br/><br/>All seven of the Harry Potter books are excellent. This is the fourth book in the series and things start to rock Harry's world.  The entire series is good vs evil, much like that of life.  The series tells how Harry deals with the evil that he is constantly facing and how those that love and care for him are there for Harry no matter the cost.  And Harry is always ready to fight the evil no matter the cost.<br/><br/>When I began the first book, I did not care for it until I got 1/3 of the way into the book.  By the time the book ended, I had to start all over because I realized that my "imagination" was dead at the beginning of the book and I was ready to listen/read as I was now open to "experiencing" all the author had to tell me.  I was adding not only "color" to the story, but "dimension" to make it all come alive for me. The entire series would be excellent conversation with parents to their children and children to their parents.  Good for all ages!  I say that because I have no children and enjoyed the whole series.
 Absolutely gorgeous edition of the first Harry Potter book. I am a huge HP fan so I may be a little biased, but this book is beyond amazing. The quality is great and the illustrations are beautiful. There are pictures about every other page or so in full color and some take up entire pages. It is a great book to share and read to children who love to have visuals to their stories. I have it placed on my coffee table since it is larger size and so beautiful to look at. I can't wait to buy the 2nd book in this edition!
 I love the Harry Potter books and I wanted to get this to introduce my 7 year old son to the series that I grew up with. I also wanted it for my collection.<br/><br/>The illustrations in this book are more beautiful than I thought they would. They make the book come to life in a way that is making my very non interested son into a very interested little boy. He is becoming more intrigued into the world that I loved. I am excited to share it with him.<br/><br/>I haven't had a problem with my copy falling apart or anything. It is holding up very well to my son and I taking turns reading.<br/><br/>I honestly cannot express how beautiful the illustrations are in this book.
 My sons are a little young to read the Harry Potter books on their own, so I purchased this to read to them.  As another commenter stated, it is the British version so there are some phrases that gives you a chuckle.  But the coolest part is the artwork.  The book is large and the artwork is intricate and fills whole pages - this makes reading the book to youngsters who haven't seen the movies very fun.  They are able to use their imagination as well as get some of the author/illustrator's assistance "seeing" the story in their mind.  A great book.
 If you love Harry Potter buy this book.  Its one of my lifes 'Hidden Gems' that is so well done, I spread its cheer through the random gift giving of it.  Honestly if you can't get enough HP, just buy it now.  Its amazing how much work had to have gone into its excessive illustrations, and I can't believe they are going to release (hopefully) the entire series since the second book is do out soon.  Once again, I'm blown away with everything about it and the only bad thing I have to say is its slightly difficult to read in bed because its loaded with heavy high quality paper that makes it pretty hefty on your tummy.  Its really not a complaint but I can't imagine the last couple books being readable on anything other than a table or some sort of reading apparatus that I have yet to own.  Maybe a sheet music holder thingy.  Just buy it already!
 This book is absolutely breathtaking. Every page is filled with illustrations. It's just so beautiful. I love how they've come out with these books with the 3rd one on the way next month. It's an interesting take on the classic book from JK Rowling. It really has you picturing exactly what's going on with each page.<br/><br/>Harry Potter has spanned an entire generation and hopefully with these versions, it'll have kids wanting to put down their electronic devices and pick up a book again.
 This edition of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is absolutely stunning! The book is about twice the size of the regular hardback edition, and the illustrations are all colorful, detailed, and exquisitely done. The chapter listing is even illustrated. Under the dustcover is a red binding/cover, with the name and author embossed in gold on the spine. There is a red grosgrain ribbon page marker inside the book. I've tucked this into the dustcover, as I am concerned about the red of the grosgrain bleeding onto pages over time. The inside cover is a beautiful illustration of Hogwarts Castle. As I flip through the pages, the characters and key points are imagined into colorful, highly detailed illustrations, presumably along the lines of what JKR originally imagined. I'm sure many will upload photos of the drawings, but I don't want to spoil the magic of discovering these for the first time for anyone. The book has roughly the size and feel of an average elementary school textbook, the pages are nice and heavy. This might be a wonderful gift for a young reader, still transitioning from picture stories to chapter books, and of course for any Potter fan.
 Didn't realize that kindle in motion was not supported on Windows Surface Tablets. Major bummer. I hope that Amazon either starts supporting a windows app or updates it's pc software to support this feature. Not really interested in buying another tablet for the motion feature.
 I think my favorite part of this book is when Harry is in the Triwizard tournament in the third task.  First, he has to go against a blast-ended skrewet.  Blast-ended skrewets are creatures that are large when adults and have a stinger, sucker, and you don't really know where it's head is.  Next, he has to go against a dementor, but it's actually a boggart.  Boggarts are creatures that go into dark, tight places.  You never know what a boggart looks like in it's original form.  It's a shape shifter.  It appears to be whatever you most fear.  When he gets to the Triwizard cup he meets Cedric.  They want to share their victory so they touch it at the same time.  The Triwizard cup got turned into a portkey and they traveled to...  You will have to read the book to find out.<br/>  The thing that is most important in this book is that Harry and Lord Voldemort are connected because a part of Voldemort is inside Harry because of the curse Voldemort put on Harry.  The authors purpose of this book was to entertain adults and children with this fantasy novel and to teach us that you need to stick with your friends and keep moving forward.<br/>  In this book, it is Harry's point of view because it says what says what Harry is doing.  It is also Harry's point of view because it talks about Harry's feelings.  I think J.K. Rowling decided to have this book be in Harry's point of view because he is a curios and helpful kid.<br/>  If I could change anything I would change how Cedric dies in the third task by the "Avada Kedavra" curse that Wormtail put on him.  I wanted Harry and Cedric to battle Voldemort, escape with the triwizard cup, and split the thousand galleons.  It was really sad when Cedric died.<br/>  The character traits that describe Harry are brave, courageous, kind, helpful, smart, friendly, and a troublemaker.  The details that I used are Harry has a lot of friends, he does a lot of brave things, and he gets out of bed when he's not supposed to.<br/>  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to finish the series or enjoys witches, wizards, or fantasy novels.
 The illustrated HP books are beautiful. Absolutely worth the price and even if you own other copies of HP books, I would highly recommend purchasing the illustrated copies for your collection. There is something truly magical about these books bringing the stories to life and adding another layer of depth and imagination.<br/><br/>I’ve been purchasing these as they’ve been released for my niece but they will be equally loved by both adults and children.
 Amazing doesn't quite fit this book. Though stupendous, inspiring, wonderful and incredible don't quite describe it either it is so much better than all these words put together. If you have not read this book please pick it up. Do not let anyone else's negative opinion keep you from reading this book. It has so much going for it. It's about friendship, bravery, courage, love, family and so many other good things. The magic of Harry Potter has reached all over the world and touched a lot of hearts.<br/><br/>Remember "It is our choices, that decide who we truly are far more than our abilities."
 I have to say that our cunning author J.K. Rowling has done it again with a breath taking Harry Potter book. I enjoyed every minute of this tale and was not able to put it down for a second. I also enjoyed the complex vocabulary as it has made a positive change in my skills of language. There is I have to say nothing wrong with this fascinating novel. I hope this post encourages new readers to start reading the Harry Potter franchise and many more books to come.<br/>  - From a 12 year old fan
 I have been buying the illustrated versions of HP as they are published.  I know many like to read electronic books now, but I am not a fan of screen glare.  I prefer the weight of the book in my hands and the tactile feel of the page as it turns.<br/>I have books that have been in my family for generations.  I want my grandchildren to have the same love for them that I do.  I love watching them run a finger along a sentence on a page as they learn to read.
 My wife is the big fan of series.<br/>I finally decided to read them but felt better about the audiobook.<br/>I have watched movie couple of times over years and feel although the movie is well made and mostly true to book but are no match.<br/>Book does excellent job building excitement around new and magical things before revealing them.<br/>Characters are very well defined and a lot of extra stuff in books if you are like me and have just watched movies.
 It was really confusing and I didn’t user stand maybe b/c I am only ten but it was really weird and half the time I was just thinking why am I reading this personally I think you should get a book like diary of a wimpy kid or dork diaries for people my age but if you are older an you like wizards and magic then I think you will enjoy this book
 The illustrations are stunning. This is a must have for any Harry Potter fan! I can't wait to read this to my daughter and let her imagination run away with her when she sees the drawings.<br/><br/>When I first read the series, I loved the drawings as the start of each chapter, and I often found myself turning back to the jacket to look at the interpretation of a particular character or scene. I love that there are now so many more images to look at and help paint a mental picture while reading the books. Can't wait for the rest of the series to come out!
 I love this British version of HPatGoF.  I already have the American versions.  I'm slowly building my British collection.  There aren't a TON of changes in the books, but there are some word changes.  I love it!  the books are smaller than the American books and that makes them a little fatter...more pages.
 I COULD NOT be more thrilled about this edition! The size, which is substantially larger than most books, is perfect for gift giving, or as a keepsake; this would make the ultimate gift book for any Potter fan! And while we all know and love the story, this edition is all about the illustrations and the experience. WOW, this book is beautiful. The pages are very sturdy and perfectly glossed, crisp and clean. My favorite part is the illustrations. Almost every page has at least one, and the text of the story works WITH the illustrations; that is, sometimes it wraps around it, others the text is a single column, allowing for more pictures. So well done, I can't wait to have all seven books in this edition. Well worth the cost several times over, in my opinion.
 This was a fun and very fast read.  I believe it was originally written for a younger audience, and it shows, with a lot of transparently silly names for people, places and things.  There is a lot of detail in some aspects, almost none in others.  As escapist fantasy work goes, this is better than most, but I'm not sure I'll read the rest of the series (even though it is set up to encourage exactly that).<br/><br/>My question (and this has probably been written about extensively by those more invested in this series than I could ever be):  Why do these folks celebrate Christmas and Easter?
 I'm 46 and male who works out and thinks he's macho and I've read this book 4 times. If you have a stressful job like me where you can't relax, read the HP books. They put you in a fantasy world and JK Rowling's storytelling is so unbelievable and descriptive, she's the best. I got this series for my father after my mother passed away. They were married 69 years and he was grieving. This is not his kind of book but after reminding him how much my mother loved them, he agreed to read them and agrees it puts him in another world and helps him gain peace.
 First of all, its Harry Potter. Anything other than 5 stars doesn't make sense to me. :) Secondly, Jim Kay's illustrations are perfect. Seeing them in motion? Absolutely awesomely amazing for this Harry Potter fan and her equally excited 15 year old son.
 I love the Harry Potter series and this book truly delivers them in a wonderful new way. The pictures are beautifully detailed and really bring certain scenes to life. As an American I also really love that the book is the British edition. Until I read the original dialogue I had no idea that spell-o-tape is a play on words from "Sellotape" (Britain's version of scotch tape). Looking forward to having the whole collection eventually and reading them all to my sons. If you're a Harry Potter fan I highly recommend getting these books!
 I'm going to preface this by saying the HP1 is my least favorite book.<br/><br/>However, with that being said, the illustrations definitely helped improve the story and made me enjoy it more than I did in 1999/2000 when I first read it. If there isn't a full-page or full-spread illustration, the actual text is written on what looks like parchment paper with ink stains and wrinkles, which is awesome. The illustrations of characters are reflective of the text descriptions by J.K.R. and not what we want them to be based on movies or other illustrations.<br/><br/>Overall, I'm really excited with this new approach to this Harry Potter reprinting route, and that it's not just changing the cover image and binding.
 Obviously, it's hard not to love this series.  This edition is one of the most beautiful editions I have owned.  It is the Ravenclaw Edition which was printed for the 20th Anniversary of the first publishing of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (you can find Editions for all of the houses).  What makes this edition different besidea the cover is the bonus information inside.  You get information about the House, the founder, notable people who have come from that house, the house ghost and even a fun quiz to take at the back of the book.  I hope they do something similar for the 20th Anniversary of all of the books in the series.
 “I solemnly sear that I am up to no good.” (ch. 10 pg. 192)<br/>Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the third book in the Harry Potter series. It follows Harry and his friends through the excitement that is their third year at Hogwarts. In the start of the book, we find Harry doing his homework by flashlight under his bed sheets- as any proof of his time at that wizarding school is forbidden by the Drusley’s. It’s Harry’s birthday and for the first time in his life, he receives birthday cards and presents from his friends Hermione, Ron, and Hagrid. During a visit from Aunt Marge, Vernon and Harry make a deal, if he can keep Hogwarts a secret, Vernon will sign Harry’s permission slip to visit Hogsmead on the weekends. Unfortunately that goes out the window when Marge insults Harry’s family and he accidentally inflates her, whoops. The Knight Bus then picks up Harry after he leaves the house suddenly, but not after seeing something peculiar in the bushes…<br/> The main conflict of this novel is the fact that escaped prisoner Sirius Black is on the loose and dangerous. Dementors have made Hogwarts their home for the year and even made a little pit stop on the Hogwarts Express to make sure Sirius Black wasn’t aboard. While they didn’t find the prisoner on the train, they did find Harry, because of the sorrow and death he has already witnessed the dementors were drawn to him. The mysterious person (who we find out to be the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher) is at the ready to produce a Patronus charm, which is used to ward of dementors with a happy memory.<br/>The school year starts and the dementors are not respecting the boundaries that Dumbledore has put into place. They even disrupt a Quidditch match and send Harry flying off of his broom and his Nimbus 2000 into the Whomping Willow. Harry get used to his new classes and the frequent disappearance and reappearance of Hermione as she seems to be taking more class than any average witch or wizard can handle. Third year is when students start taking Divination and it’s not Harry’s favorite subject to say the least. Professor Trelawney often tells Harry he is in grave danger after finding the Grim in his cup, and she becomes overcome with a prophecy when they are alone in the classroom. "It will happen tonight. The Dark Lord lies alone and friendless, abandoned by his followers. His servant has been chained these twelve years. Tonight, before midnight, the servant will break free and set out to rejoin his master. The Dark Lord will rise again with his servant's aid, greater and more terrible than ever before. Tonight... before midnight... the servant... will set out... to rejoin... his master..." (ch.16 pg.324)<br/>The story concludes with Harry, Ron and Hermione using Hermione’s Time Turner to not only save Hagrid’s friend Buckbeak, but also Harry’s innocent godfather Sirius Black, who has spent the last 12 years in Azkaban for a crime he did not commit. With the help of their new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher (who is also a werewolf!) Remus Lupin; Harry finds out more about his parents past and how their secret keeper and friend Peter Pettigrew betrayed them.<br/>This is easily my favorite Harry Potter book out of the seven. I’d give it ten out of five stars if I could. It introduced me to my favorite character of the series (Remus Lupin) and helped to continue the story of Harry Potter and helped Harry find out more about his parents before they died. He also was reconnected with his godfather and James’ best friend Sirius Black.<br/> “Mischief Managed”  (Ch, 10 pg, 194)
 I LOVE THIS BOOK -- not as much as 1 &amp; 2, but it endeared itself to me, right from the beginning, when Rowling's lovable humour came back into my life  :):)  I luv her ~ she's my new hero.  So outlandishly, unapologetically creative,  and with enough 'edge' to keep you curious about what can POSSIBLY happen next to Harry &amp; his adorable tribe of Wizards.<br/>Thank you, JK Rowling, for offering me a new world to escape into. . .  over . . . &amp; over . . . &amp; over . . .<br/><br/>(right after i finished it, ran out &amp; got the Goblet &amp; started -- I'm not even done watching the movie for this one!)
 My son and I are more than halfway done this book and he whines when I tell him "that's all for tonight." Honestly, I want to know what happens next just as much as him! The story is as interesting as any of my favorite novels and we're looking forward to the next book!
 What a lovely book! I ordered the illustrated edition of the first Harry Potter book for my niece's 8th birthday, and I almost kept it for myself! The illustrations are beautiful, and closely follow the descriptions from the book as opposed to the movies. I remember reading the Harry Potter series when I was a kid, and the illustrations really bring back some of the images I'd conjured up in my imagination (oh, what a number of fanart I made)!<br/><br/>The pages also have a nice weight and feel to them which makes me believe they will handle well at the hands of an eight-year-old. In fact, it feels as though it would last through many years. My niece loves it and reads pages to me whenever I visit. That being said, I'll be buying another copy to add to my own library.
 This one is fun.  Harry is being stalked by Sirius Black, his father's former best friend, who became notorious as the one who sold out the Potters to Voldemort when he blew up his other friend Peter Pettigrew, leaving behind nothing but his little finger.  Sirius has been in Azkaban, the wizard's prison, for several years.  Azkaban is not a nice place.  It is guarded by shades that feed on a person's happiness and can suck out their very soul.  Sirius has escaped, and sources say he will try to kill Harry Potter.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, the Azkaban guards have been stationed at Hogwarts in an attempt to apprehend Sirius if he should attempt to enter the grounds.  There's a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who is helping Harry learn to defend himself against the Azkaban guards, who seem particularly drawn to him.  And Hagrid is teaching Care of Magical Creatures this year in addition to his gamekeeper's duties.  Draco is attacked by one of Hagrid's animals during a class demonstration, and this not only destroy's Hagrid's confidence in himself but also causes the animal to be scheduled for execution after Draco's father complains to the Ministry of Magic.<br/><br/>There's a lot going on at once in this book.  But in the end all of the little events come together and you'll see that everything really is connected.  And Harry will discover some family that he never knew he had.
 Can I give this book more that 5 stars? I love Harry Potter books and this book with the illustrations is just amazing! I have such a hard time putting it down one because it's Harry Potter and two because these illustrations are fantastic.  I have so many pictures in my head about how so and so looks for how the sorting hat looks.  I'm sure many of these are influenced by the movies.  But this illustrator didn't seem to let the movies getting his way. Who came up with such wonderful and unique illustrations good show you a glimpse in to the way that he sees Harry Potter.<br/><br/>This is the third set, obviously just the first book is out,  Harry Potter books that we have in our household. If there were more to get they would probably be in our house as well.<br/><br/>I love that they have created these books and keeping the fans happy!  I realize it makes money for them so they are happy!<br/><br/>The written layout format is slightly different then that's normal filling up the page, from left to right, text this is in four columns layout.  Not that different just thought I would note that.<br/><br/>I am always,  always happy to talk Harry Potter and so I am very happy to get to post pictures from my book and to give you my thoughts on this wonderful wonderful book. I can't wait for the next book to come out so I can stare at all the beautiful illustrations.
 THIS BOOK IS AMAZING! I have been trying for several years to get my young son interested in the HP books, and though I try to read them to him, he gets bored easily and has a hard time getting into them. This book has changed that. We read it every evening at bedtime and he is so excited to read it! The quality is just outstanding! Beautiful colors, very detailed illustrations on almost every page, nice thick paper, very heavy hard cover, beautiful jacket, stamped gold print on the binding of the cover. This is a STEAL for this price! I can't wait for the next one to come out! I will definitely have the entire set!
 My son started reading Harry Potter books in 4th grade and he's now finished all of them up! It's the start of 5th grade and he LOVES these books!<br/><br/>The order of the Phoenix is outstanding and he was REALLY happy to get it!<br/><br/>He told me that I absolutely MUST read them in order. (I've started on the first book and love it so far).  We all watched the movies together as a family and I highly recommend this to children of all ages, including 46 years old like me.<br/>:)<br/>Well done J.K. Rowling!
 I got some flack for re-buying these books when I have the original 1st Edition Hard Cover books already, and I don't even care.  These books are all beautifully illustrated!  And it is obvious that a lot of time and energy was spent in making these look so amazing.  These books will help immensely with creating a world of WONDER for whenever I have kids and start reading the series to them.<br/><br/>This book even looks better than the previous two, but they all are gorgeous!
 I enjoyed the previous books a lot, but this one is where the series gets really exciting and even more interesting! I read this series several years ago, when it first came out. My youngest son and I took turns reading them and talking about them, that was why I initially started reading them, but they are incredible and that's why I became a fan. I mostly read on my tablet now, so I figured that I better have this series since I reread them every year or two. My son is now a 21 year old college student, and we still enjoy discussions about the series! Thanks J.K.!!!
 I purchased this copy for my little brother. I love the Harry Potter books, and I wanted to pass the magic on to him. I am quite the Potterhead and buy this for any 10-100 year old that has a birthday. I have already started reading the first one to my daughter, who happens to be named after Molly Weasley. Personally, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (#4) is my favorite, but definitely start with #1 if you are just beginning. Obviously I recommend this to everyone.
 This is a great book. I purchased this version to read to my 4 year old son. He really enjoyed it. I think the pictures helped him stay focused. He enjoyed seeing the illustrations. I thought they were really beautiful drawings.<br/>My only complaint is I wish there were more pictures. It’s maybe every 3rd page has a picture.  I haven’t decided if I’ll get the illustrated version of book 2 or not. It is quite a bit more expensive than original version.
 Who doesn't like Harry Potter? This is my favorite book of the series! We start to really see the layers of the characters and we see things that are extremely important later in the series! My favorite parts are between Severus and Sirius. I wont spoil it though for those who have yet to read it.<br/><br/>Harry Potter has shaped a lot of people's lives. The series teaches lessons that many carry on long after finishing the books. Friendship, acceptance, the importance of knowledge, being level headed, don't judge a book by its cover, and courage are all things taught!
 Content wise, great book.  Physical book however, is pretty disappointing.  I think that a hard cover book should come pretty rigid and solid, and after years of use and passing it on through different generations, normal wear and tear of the binding and pages would be expected.  This book however, came out of the box as limber as a newborn, which makes it super convenient when trying to read it laying in bed to my son as it flops back and forth like a ball at the Wimbledon.  I've seen other reviews stating this issue, and I was hoping I would luck out and get a nice solid hard cover of one of my favorite stories from my youth to pass on to my son.  Instead I got the book that was bound with a prayer and several pounds of limp noodles that I'm not certain will make it through Harry's final battle with Professor Q.
 I bought this because:<br/><br/>1. I love Harry Potter - so I was not disappointed with this version.<br/><br/>2. To read to my 2yo in hopes that some of the illustrations would help him stay interested - well, he likes the pictures, but still doesn’t sit longer than 5min with this story. Which is fine because he still love his other books.<br/><br/>Hoping he’ll love it in the future.
 What else can I say that hasn't already been said?<br/>I've loved the movies for a long time so it was time for me to read the books.<br/>Now before I get scoffed at for being a movie fan before a book fan let me explain why I prefer it this way:<br/>I get to enjoy the whole movies without feeling like anything is missing. Then I got to read the books and learn SO MUCH more!<br/>Ok, I do wish Peeves had been included in the movies. Haha
 I'm a huge Harry Potter fan , but this book is depressing. Harry's mood throughout the whole book is so negative and grumpy. The whole book has such a dark feel to it. I had to finish it to keep up with the series but reading it was a pain every time. My 10-year-old son loved the first 3 Harry Potter books and read each one in about a week but he's been reading this one for well over 6 months because it does not hold his attention. The tone of this book serves the overall 7 book series but when re-reading the series every few years I always skip this one.
 Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is the first book in a series of seven that tells the story of a young boy who is orphaned as a baby when his parents are killed by a dark wizard who tries to kill Harry too, but Harry survives the attack and all he is left with is a scar on his forehead that identifies him as the only living wizard known to be able to survive Voldemort.  After the attack as a baby is sent to live with his human or "muggle" relatives where for ten years, he is never told he is a wizard; and he receives harsh and cold treatment from them because they desperately want to fit into the "normal" world and Harry is anything but ordinary.<br/><br/>Harry only finds out about his past ,his wizard lineage, and how his parents died, when he gets his letter from Hogwarts; an academy for young wizards and witches. Then the real adventure begins, as Harry discovers a world of magic, makes friends, and enters a world where instead of being invisible, he is a virtual celebrity and his name is known by every magical being he comes into contact with.  This was a charming first book to kick off the series and I enjoyed it much more than I expected to. The characters were very easy to picture as you read the book, and the plot was exciting enough that even if you had never heard of the movie or had an idea beforehand of what was going to happen you would want to continue to read because the story was very well written.
 Awesome book. Amazing art.  Great combo.  I do have this book as orginalky written but took a chance in ordering the illustrated to get my o year old interested in reading the series and it worked..the original book can be intimidating to some in size but this book is juist so much fun with the art and magic it adds to it..we have watched the movies multiple times but my daughter still got this book and read it all and took it all in.. I got her the second book chamber of secrets for christmas she doesnt know but she has been asking for it constantly wants to hold the big illustrated books and read them all. I did internet search and it eill be hard to wait a year for the third illustrated book to be released.  This is a great book to have in any home library and any Potter fan would love to have this.
 While rereading the books ten years ago, I did some research on the popularity of the Harry Potter series around the world. I then found many translations of the books, different books covers, and many book descriptions for each volume. While looking at the french edition of the fourth Harry Potter book, I read a notice at the back that said that Goblet of Fire was the central pillar of the Harry Potter books. This statment intrigued me at first, considering that the series wasn't even completed at the time. But when I thought about it a couple of months ago, I felt that the editor was absolutely right.<br/><br/>For this book makes us understand many things about the world J K Rowling has revealed to us: One, that Voldemort's actions not only involve him, but instead thousands, even millions, of followers waiting for his return or hoping that someone will carry on his political torch. Two, that wizards' prejudices are deep-rooted into their culture; and that they involve not only muggles, but other magical creatures which could be important allies for both sides of the battle (Voldemort or Harry/Dumbledore's side). Three, we also get to see how a wizard's fame starts to tire him as the press and even the public only see that in him and not what he really is: a young man trying to live a life while bearing incredible responsibilities. Four, this book makes us understand how actions are more efficient than words/promises thrown in the open air.<br/><br/>Of course most of these aspects have been more or less present in all the books. But I felt that it is in this book that the wizard world's idyllic images start to wear off as a horrible darkness approaches in the horizon, and that it is this book that many characters' actions will have dramatic consequences in this book's ending, but in the last volumes of this incredible series.
 The last few days, I've decided to re-introduce myself to the JK Rowling's Harry Potter novels. You probaly know that when a topic has the scent of controversy about it, the Christian fundamentalists (far more conservative than my personal religious leanings) usually make some sort of stink about it. I have seen this trend for most of my life: TSR's Dungeons and Dragons games, Scorcese's Last Temptation of Christ--heck, I even remember hearing a sermon preached about Pac-Man, and about Ravel's Bolero. Over the years, I've come to decide for myself, with Judi's opinion mattering greatly of course, what is (or is not) appropriate for my eyes, or my children's. So, in 2001, I picked . This was 10 years ago, to this very month, when Daniel was in first grade. I wanted to see all the fuss for myself. I wanted to introduce Daniel to a genre I loved and, maybe deep inside myself, I wanted to disrespect the decrees of the fundamentalist Morality Cops just a little bit.<br/><br/>You probably know the plot of the Potter novels. You've probably seen the films, swore loudly as you stepped on the Lego pieces in the dark, and maybe you've even bought the vibrating Nimbus 2000 broomstick--it was pulled from Toys 'R' Us shelves, when an alarmed public realized more naughty adults were buying them for themselves than for their children.<br/><br/>I need not have bothered worrying about the Morality cops. Rowling is an amazing writer (Her name, by the way, rhymes with Bowling, not Prowling). I knew, going into the series, that the story was about a boy wizard. I did not expect her adeptness at setting a tone. Take, for example, the opening sentence of this famous novel: "Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much." With less than 25 words, she captures the attention of the reader, sets a stage, and divides her world into two camps: those who are normal, and those who were not. She employs a light irony in her narrative that neither mocks the reader nor her characters. Moreover, this was Rowling's first novel. Each character introduced--the boorish Dursleys; Hagrid, the hairy motorcycle-riding giant; Professor Dumbledore (a Merlin/Gandalf analogue, if there ever was one); and thin-lipped Professor Minerva Macgonagall, followed by the hero of the series, who is maltreated by his Aunt and Uncle.<br/><br/>We follow the young lad as he meets the wizarding world, and is accepted into Hogwarts, Britain's foremost school of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and confronts the malevolent Lord Voldemort, who created such havoc at the time of Harry's birth that the magic community still refers to him as "You-Know-Who." Her sentences are usually pitch perfect, and she has an uncanny way of blending genres with excellent writing.<br/><br/>A word about genre literature in general, and fantasy literature in particular: it is no stretch to find other series (Machale's Pendragon series, and Riordan's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series both spring to mind) written for young adults, where a young person of unknown magical powers are introduced to a world with an evil overlord that only he may slay. I'm okay with this: it's the mark of genre literature, in the style 12th-century heroic balladeers. The story isn't the plot, so much as how it is told.<br/><br/>I think I'm letting my head get in front of my fingers a bit as I type, so let me rephrase: genre literature is supposed to be fixed in form. Potter falls neatly into the heroic category, as well as fantasy genre, as well as the bildungsroman (coming-of-age novel). I say this because we expect genre literature to fall inside a genre. We expect Harry to confront The Dark Lord, and probably to lose Dumbledore along the way (in much the same way as George Lucas penned his Star Wars series). We expect him to find allies along the way, and for Potter to make enemies. Rowling does something substantially more: she writes her characters skillfully and believably, in every single page. Harry Potter and his friends are comfortable in their genre skin, in an unforced manner. Hermione is now a famous name because the frizzy-haired, brainy 11-year-old witch was written with letter-perfect precision. Many other authors of Young Adult fiction fail at the same task Rowling set for herself.<br/><br/>I can think of no better endorsement for Rowling and her work than the following anecdote. My son Daniel was unable to read his own name at the beginning of first grade. By Christmas day of that same year, he had completed the first two Harry Potter novel. Say what you will about the witchy, supposedly-non-Christian values of her magical world, she taught my son to read. His blinders were lifted and it set him on a lifelong track that makes this librarian not only proud, but amazed. A person rarely gets to see literacy actually happen in a person. I have JK Rowling, and Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, to thank for that gift.
 What more can be said about Harry Potter? At this point you either have fallen in love with the series, you've found it's not for you, or, by now, you're likely not ever going to bother with it. So all I can and should add to the discussion is about this release. I was leery of how this edition would come out when I first heard about this edition. I feared that all we'd get was a few drawings dispersed meagerly throughout and that none would really sum up any iconic scenes in a meaningful way. Fortunately I was wrong. The entire book is packed with full color illustrations that, rather than depict scenes specifically, adds a new layer to the experience of reading these books. Definitely worth picking up, even if you've read every book to death and own every other edition, this is one that any Potter fan must have.<br/><br/>My only complaint? The book is physically large. It's not easy to just sit down and read. If you want to settle in and get comfy while reading Harry Potter this one isn't for that. It's more of a sit at a desk or table and read type book.
 This book is absolutely beautiful! I loved the Harry Potter series when I first read it (admittedly as a college student!), and I've been trying to get my 9 year old into it - I just knew this would be a series he would love. We got the illustrated version yesterday and I read the first chapter aloud to my kids. Then I found my son later reading the book on his own with no prompting whatsoever. I knew he would love the book, and the illustrations have really helped him get into it. A bunch of words on the page in a thick book can be daunting for a kid his age, and this just made it s much more accessible to him. I think he will have no problem with the other books now.
 I gave this book 5 stars because it was so much fun to read. I felt young and free while reading this book. It was well written for those with a vivid imagination, like me. I adored all the animation as well. I love to read and this book made me laugh, cry, sweat with fear,  angry, happy and hopeful. It makes you believe in hope, dreams and true friendship again. I recommend this book to the young, the old and the in between (I'm 43). You will not be disappointed. On to book #2. Thanks Amazon 😀
 If you're on the edge of "Do I REALLLY need another Harry Potter book", why yes, yes you do.  This book isnt like a normal book that you read. I mean I read it, but to me this is more a collector item.<br/>This is a book that is filled with colors and illustrations, breathing in new life to an amazing story already.<br/><br/>This book makes the reading enjoyable
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is the book that sets the tone for the rest of the series. We've always known that Harry and friends were in almost constant danger, but Goblet of Fire crosses the line between knowing mortal peril and actually experiencing it. This book is the first in the series to allow someone Harry had known to die in the present time. Sure, his parents died, but he was a baby and barely remembers. What's more is that the death is of someone close to Harry's age, breaking the illusion most kids and teens have that "things like that don't happen to people like me." From this point forward, no one is safe in the world of Harry Potter.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire showcases some of Rowling's best writing. The actual match of the Quidditch World Cup was writing at such a frenzied yet explanatory pace that once the game was over, I almost asked Facebook if anyone else had seen that match. It was so excitingly wonderful, that I actually forget that Quidditch isn't a real sport and I hadn't actually seen anything at all. If someone could manage to explain football to me as Rowling has done with Quidditch, I might actually care about the Super Bowl.<br/><br/>The world of Harry Potter is full of characters we readers love to hate. Voldemort, Draco Malfoy and Snape are two that pop immediately to mind at this point in the series. Goblet of Fire features a character that pushed all my buttons in such a way that I couldn't they immediately shot to the top of my character hate list. Rita Skeeter. That horrible woman. She and her Quick Quotes Quill embody everything evil about sensationalistic journalism.<br/><br/>The thing I had completely forgotten since my first reading of Goblet of Fire was the importance of Dobby as a friend to Harry. Now that he isn't trying to protect Harry by potentially killing him, he presents himself to be a real asset and ally to Harry on multiple occasions. He can offer information (freely now) about himself, other house elves and anything else he comes across. I loved that Harry and friends treated Dobby as a friend, remembering to pick up gifts for him. Hermoine and S.P.E.W. were well-intentioned but the one major dragging factor of the whole book. But even that went to show how saving peoples from their own cultures just because you disagree with it may not be in the people you are trying to help's best interests.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire shows the teens are really starting to grow up. The dance sets the stage for the characters to have to put themselves out there into the dating scene, if even only slightly. Romantic relationships are new territory in the world of Harry Potter and something to definitely get excited about. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire starts the ball rolling of all of the future love and loss in the series. These books truly do get even better as the series progresses.
 My book is falling a part. It's a shame. I was planning on buying all the illustrated versions but now I'm debating against it simply because the books seem to be cheaply made. The story is fabulous, of course, the illustrations are magical, but the quality of the book just isn't good. The binding came apart the day I received it and we've been taking very good care of it. Very disappointed.
 That I am just now reading the Harry Potter series would surprise no one who knows me. I'm usually a good 3-5 years behind trend. Harry Potter has legions of adoring fans and noted detractors, who are in turn drowned out by the passion of Harry Potter fans. I understood nothing of HP before I read my first book, which was ironically book three: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. After reading the first book I'm now proud to say that I am a fan, maybe not to the extent that some people are, since I've largely missed being on the ten year journey of most Potter fans. I'm also living proof that you can still get something out of the books, even if the wave has driven past you.<br/><br/>What impressed me is that J.K. Rowling didn't fall into the trap of many authors of young adult literature by creating these cliché stock characters that appear built out of cardboard. Furthermore, every detail of the world of Harry Potter feels as though it was meticulously crafted by a painter or a sculptor rather than an author--true talent indeed. Even seemingly minor characters are intimately fleshed out. I think its' these two factors that give Harry Potter its' unique place in contemporary literature. I decline to provide a plot summary, because so many reviewers have done those already, and plus Harry Potter is really about an experience that goes deeper than a book.
 I purchased for my granddaughter who is now reading the Harry Potter books. I read them all when my older grandson was her age, about 10.  I think I enjoy them as much as the kids do. As adults, we could all use some fantasy and magic That takes us away for a while. I  always by hardcover if I know I'm going to want to keep the book forever. Recommend this series  whole heartedly. It'll make a voracious reader out of any child
 As with all the Harry Potter books, as he progresses through his magical training, the stories continue to get darker and more intense.  We see Harry suffering through the pangs of his first crush and his aggravation with himself that he didn't ask her in time to the Yule Ball not to mention the fact that his name was put in the goblet of fire without his knowledge or permission to do so.  This causes him a multitude of problems, the most important one being the estrangement with Ron due to Ron's jealousy over Harry getting chosen as a champion.  Harry is also enduring the media hype that is caused by Rita Skeeter and her slanderous panderings for the Daily Profit.  Not only is he having to deal with the usual teenage angst, he also has to deal with being the second Hogwarts Triwizard Champion however, he handles it all magnificently.  I have enjoyed reading the Harry Potter series of books.  It has the distinction of being a story that young adults and adults can enjoy.
 I read all the Harry Potter books and have seen nearly all the movies. Harry Potter proved to be my favorite series EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But, of them all, The Goblet Of Fire was my favorite and is my favorite book!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>Harry is now 14 and is in his 4th year. When he gets back to Hogwarts after the long dreadful summer with the Dursleys, exciting news arrives at Hogwarts. Hogwarts is hosting an annual wizarding tournament, known as The Triwizard Tournament. In this tournament, three wizards from three different schools are chosen to compete against each other in three unsuspected tasks. The tasks are used to test wizards with their wizarding knowledge. One wizard will remain victorious and will receive the Triwizard cup. These three schools are Hogwarts, Durmstrang, and Beuxbatons. This tournament will take place at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>To determine who will compete, wizards in the 7th year only, may put their names in The Goblet Of Fire, which will decide who shall compete. Fleur Delacour of Beuxbatons competes when her name is pulled out of the goblet. Victor Krum, of Durmstrang, competes as well. For Hogwarts, Cedric Diggory is chosen. Then, the unthinkable happens. Harry's name comes out of the goblet, even though he did not put his name in the goblet."People die in this tournament," says his godfather, Sirius Black. Harry is under the impression that one of Voldemort's followers put his name there. But Harry still has no proof. All the same, Harry has to compete, though Dumbledore decides to keep an eye on him.<br/><br/>The first task is to collect a golden egg by getting past a dragon. The egg contains a clue for the next task. With the help of Hermione and Hagrid, Harry succeeds.<br/><br/>The next two tasks get more exciting. I do not want to spoil it for you, but believe me, it's a great book!!!!!!!!!!!!!! In the end, Lord Voldemort rises, and war begins!!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>  -Julia
 The kindle in motion version of this is super cool. It's just enough movement to make you notice- it's not a movie or anything-. It looks a lot like I imagine the wizard photos look. I think it you have a kid who isn't into reading then this may get their attention; great story, great illustrations and cool moving effect. I hope they release a kindle in motion version for ALL the illustrated Harry Potter books.
 The first time I heard this story was when I was so young my parents had to read it to me. Now, having a renewed interest in the series, I have to say that The Sorcerer's Stone is still in my top ten  non fiction books allong with the other books in the series. This novel is exciting and kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time. I highly reccomend it to anyone who enjoys a good story.
 Where were these books when my kids were collecting up the original series?? They are great, solid, heavy and with wonderful full color illustrations. I am gifting them to a nephew and also collecting up a set for my home library. The only bad thing? they are released every October so it will take several years more to complete the sets.
 I had previously read the books and watched the movies so the storyline is not this review.  It is a great and amazingly well thought out storyline though if these are new to you.<br/>But this review is this particular book and the newly added illustrations.  All over the book just felt like it was very high quality and a lot of thought had been put into it.  The book is sized more like a "coffee table" book, so pretty large.  This was actually nice for me as it had a more substantial feel to it.  I also imagine it is prefect size to be reading to kids one day in the future. The illustrations were nice but not too overwhelming, they left you plenty of room for your imagination.  Also as many other reviewers mentioned, even the pages without illustrations had a parchment like design to make them look streamlined with the rest of the book.<br/><br/>Overall, if you are a long time Harry Potter fan or this is your very first Harry Potter book I think you will be very happy with this purchase.
 My sister and I gifted this to a friend’s daughter during Christmas. My sister and friend are obsessed with Harry Potter and we thought it would be a good way to introduce her daughter early and we’d get her a book every Christmas. I haven’t read the book so I can’t speak to that but I did look in it. It’s very good quality, vibrant pictures, thick pages, and nice writing. It is so worth the money! It is such a nice book.
 This book (as well as all the Harry Potter Books) has 3 things that I truly love. (1) They are very well written so that both adults and kids will enjoy.  JK Rowlings' character development is fabulous. The details of each and every setting and all actions in the plot are the best.  (2) These books have gotten some kids that NEVER would pick up a book to read, READING! Not just reading some small book so they can get a grade in school. But books that take a little time, energy, and thought into reading them. It seemed that for a while there, everywhere you turned you would find a kid with their nose in a Harry Potter Book. (3)This series of books created a community of people both kids and adults discussing books together. Reading became the popular thing to do.  When kids see and hear adults reading and talking about books, they see the importance of reading.  That is more valuable that the books themselves.
 In broad outline HARRY POTTER AND THE PRISONER OF AZKABAN follows the pattern of the previous two books: a magical adventure yarn about the young eponymous wizard told within the framework of another year at the English wizarding boarding school Hogwarts, the beginning and ending of the story in the company of Harry's insufferable muggle (regular people) relatives, the Dursleys.  Book Number Three is, in the richness of its plot and its psychological depth, more intriguing than its predecessors.  That it's not very nuanced reminds you that this is a children's tale, but it comes very close to standing on its own as an adult book as well.  It's a dark story: more than ever before Harry has to face the murder of his parents--even hearing time and again the screams of his mother--and though this is unsettling, J.K. Rowling so deftly writes these scenes with children in mind that, for most pre-teen readers, it will not be unbearable.  This is, perhaps, in part because Harry has by now become a beloved and trusted friend to young readers: they're willing to stand by him, as with Harry's bosom friends Hermione and Ron, through the many trials and occasional triumphs of Harry's life.<br/><br/>The main thrust of the story follows the (previously unheard of) escape of a prisoner from the dreaded dungeon Azkaban.  This escapee, a wizard and erstwhile best friend of the Potters named Sirius Black, is being hunted down by both muggle and wizarding worlds as a murderer.  Indeed, it is widely believed in the latter sphere that not only had Sirius betrayed his friends, Harry's parents, to die, he is looking to murder Harry as well.  Though containing interrelated subplots including involving a condemned hippogriff, a new power that Hermione is given, and, of course, the game of quidditch, this novel is principally concerned with the stalking of Harry Potter.  Meanwhile, Harry continues to feel the cold venom of the Hogwarts Potions Professor Snape, and is newly befriended and aided by the latest Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Lupin.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling seems to have her material well in hand with this entry in the Harry Potter saga.  The previous two books, though charming and thoroughly likeable, seemed at times just a bit wooden.  The writing in this volume is punchier; the story moves along swiftly.  Just swiftly enough, in fact, to keep up, most of the time, the reader's necessary suspension of disbelief--only once in a while does the story give the reader pause to wonder, if only Sirius had been a somewhat better communicator, wouldn't a lot of the novel's problems have been avoided?  Then again, that's life.  All round, a decently written story that'll enthrall young readers and captivate adults as well.
 Even though what I received was two paperback books and what I ordered was two AUDIO books, I am still giving this review 4 stars, and here is why:<br/>First off, I was very excited to listen to these "books on tape", as I have never done that before; I much prefer to read a book in hand.  I've heard good things, however, and will soon be traveling, so I was excited at the prospect.  I was very disappointed to open my package and find paperback books (at audio prices) and the cynic in me expected to be out of luck.<br/>However, within short hours of sending my email, I got a reply from the company, expressing their apologies, explaining that they are out of stock of what I ordered, and that I am free to keep the books or donate them as I see fit.  My account was credited the money spent IMMEDIATELY and no further problems arose.<br/>If you ask me, in an age when we can do everything online, we get snotty and expect more than we should.  Mistakes happen, I am okay with that, just fix it - and this company did, right away.  Much more than I expected and shame on me for that.  Good for them, would order from them again.
 I bought this book for my 7-year-old daughter after we'd started reading the original book. The illustrations are absolutely fantastic in this edition, and the book is larger, so perfect to read aloud to someone. We read a little bit at bedtime each night, until we finished. I just purchased the 2nd and 3rd books in the series, and can't wait to get started. Although we already own the original set in its entirety, these illustrated versions are so captivating. I'd highly recommend.
 My niece started reading this book immediately after it arrived. She normally doesn’t like to read, so this was a wonderful surprise. The book is a little advanced for her reading level, and so she stopped after the first chapter. But she keeps it on her bookshelf to read when her skill level is higher. I’m so happy this book encouraged her to read!
 We cannot wait to read the next one! This illustrated edition is so cool on the kindle because the pictures move subtler and add to the magic of the story. We had seen the movie first, but reading the book was such a cool experience-- it really gets you to know the characters more intimately (But it was fun to have faced for them from the movies).
 I read the original Harry Potter years ago, and I really enjoyed it.  This Latin version is very enjoyable, and enough time has passed since my first reading that the story feels new again.  The main thing, however, is that the translation seems straight forward and perfect for keeping your Latin skills in tact.  I just finished reading the Hobbit in Latin, and it was also excellent.
 "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" is perhaps the most "adult" book of the Potter series so far.  I haven't read "Half-Blood Prince" yet, so I can only base my review of this book in comparison to the books that preceded it.  First of all, Harry has become very, very moody.  It's most likely a combination of the stressful events he went through in "Goblet of Fire," puberty, and the fact that he is now considered to be nothing but an egotistical, perhaps insane, teenager looking for glory by the bulk of the wizarding world.  All around him his world is falling apart.  Dumbledore will not speak to him.  Sirius is desperate to get out of his hiding place.  Ron and Hermione are now prefects (not to mention Draco) and Harry has never felt lonelier.  Old friends are finding it hard to trust Harry.  Potential love interests seem to be lingering on the past.  Even the dependable Hagrid is missing.  To top things off, the Ministry of Magic has installed a very persuasive lliason at Hogwart's name Dolores Umbridge, perhaps one of Rowling's most despicable creations.  All the while, that scar of Harry's seems to be burning more often and he's beginning to have some bizarre dreams.  Oh, and Voldemort, whose existence is being questioned by most of the wizarding world, has his death eaters on the trail of something that obviously means a lot to him and Harry must once again try to stop him.<br/><br/>It all adds up to one very large, very chaotic book that loyal Potter fans will eat up.  We get to meet characters such as the slightly goofy Luna Lovegood and the sinister Bellatrix Lestrange.  Fred and George bloom into their own independent characters in this story.  Snape, Lupin, Moody, McGonagal, and even Professor Trelawney are also given wonderful character treatments this time around.  There are also a few surprises involving the fates of certain characters AND the revelation of another student at Hogwart's being a potential threat to Voldemort.<br/><br/>There is a little (very little) cursing in this book, and the characters are being placed into more perilous situations.  Aside from the challenges in "Goblet of Fire," "Order" has probably got more action and danger in it than any previous Potter novel.<br/><br/>The book is very long, and at times can seem to be a train wreck, but in the end, Rowling neatly ties everything together and baits the reader for Book Six.  She drops more hints in this book and introduces more new characters than in any previous book.  There are so many new twists added to the Potter realm that one may feel the need to re-read some of the chapters.  In all, however, this is a wonderful read.<br/><br/>Highly recommended.
 Beautiful book! My 6 year old little girl is loving the adventure. My only complaint is I wish they condensed the story for this. About 6 chapters in and yea it’s grewt but slow going with tired kid. Too much unimportant stuff for it to be considered a kids book. I realize it’s not ment to be a picture book but it’s defenetly not a inbetween book like I assumed when I ordered it.
 This is a beautiful edition of the first Harry Potter book. My 7-year old LOVES the illustrations in this series. If you loved Harry Potter the first time, this is a great way to introduce the series to your kids. Even though we own the original series, she specifically requested this for her birthday. It is a large hardback book, complete with book jacket and high-quality, thick pages. This is one of those books that can get passed down for generations. Buy this; you won't be disappointed!
 I listened to Harry Potter book 1 &amp; 2 and I am now listening to book 3. I have enjoyed them very much. I have read them before, years ago and I am now reliving all the fun those books were to listen to.  Thank you very much.
 I was a little late to the Harry Potter craze, having been raised to believe that this book was the work of the Devil and never having the time to read seven extra books during college.  However, after being assigned to read this book in a young adult literature class at the age of twenty-five, I was hooked.  The plot is imaginative, the characters are interesting and fully developed, and the book is well written yet simple enough for children to enjoy.  After finishing the class, I continued to read the other six books, which are equally amazing.<br/><br/>To Christian parents:  I am a Christian too, and it is true that the book is full of magic and sorcery.  Harry Potter and his friends do go to the Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, after all.  Many people rationalize reading this book by saying that the main point of the series is not the witchcraft but the life lessons on perseverance, patience, and other positive qualities that Harry and his friends must learn to defeat the dark forces who threaten the Muggle world.  This is very true, and I think that the characters of Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the others would make positive literary role models for children.  However, it is difficult to ignore the large amount of magic that goes on in the book.  In the first few books, it's very lighthearted:  the kids ride on brooms to play quidditch, they make things disappear and reappear, and they play other tricks on each other, but as the series progresses, the tone of the books becomes darker, and much more evil "black magic" is used by evil characters.  Having read the series as an adult, I was able to enjoy the positive messages and adventurous spirit of the books while ignoring the undercurrent of dark magic, but I feel that some of the scenes, especially in the later books, would be disturbing to young children who cannot tell the difference between fantasy and reality.  My final verdict is that these books are not appropriate for young children unless you read and discuss them with your child; they are better suited for teens and young adults.
 What is NOT-TO-LOVE about any of the Harry Potter books or films?<br/><br/>Author J.K. Rowling NAILS IT in every way. Her portrayal of a young wizard and all that surrounds him is wondrously fantastic as high fantasies go.<br/><br/>I LOVE LOVE LOVE the stories, and her ability to capture the pure essence of growing up amongst the many peers of our times.<br/><br/>This story as well all of her Harry Potter stories are absolutely well worth the read and see. See the films too. I have all of them, and enjoy reading the novel and then seeing the film that followed. It's a great look into how the novels were transpired...blended into films. From white... to sight!<br/><br/>*Cheers* always NIS<br/><br/>And besides... "Potter" happens to be a family name of mine. So there! :--)
 At the time I write this, there are some 5,512 Amazon reviews written about J.K. Rowling's HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE, and while not all of them are to the point (there are grumblings about shipping, for instance), there's not much more I can say to persuade or dissuade someone to read this book.  Indeed, although I am sure there are still many first-generation readers to come after me, I do feel like I'm the last person to get around to this book.  Indeed, not having even seen a Harry Potter movie, I'm a complete neophyte.<br/><br/>As with some other books I've reviewed on Amazon, I've read this first Harry Potter entirely because my daughter wanted it read to her.  (Mind you, she's already read it many times over herself, could tell if I made a gaffe in my reading, and in fact was sure to point it out in every instance.  Moreover, she took offense at my growling, slightly Scottish accent for Hagrid.  I can't help it if his dialect as written sounds a wee bit Highlander to me.)<br/><br/>So, for all those Muggles (i.e., regular dudes, squares, laobaixing, what Rugrats become) who haven't read HP/SS (to use the fandom lingo, or HP/PS, if you're reading the original British version, HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE), here's the upshot: Harry Potter, the son of a pair of heroic wizards is deposited on the doorstep of his wretchedly Muggle aunt, uncle and cousin, the Dursleys, where he's forced to live as a Muggle in a dirty cubby under the stairs and is regularly mistreated throughout his childhood.  When it comes time for him to go off to middle school, Harry, who, as it turns out, is famous in the magic world, escapes from the Dursleys to attend the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  The rest of this volume recounts Harry's first year at Hogwarts, including his making friends, his success at the game of Quidditch, and his encounter with the evil being said to have killed his parents, Voldemort.<br/><br/>It's a charming read.  (You probably think I'm being sarcastic; I'm not.)  I won't get into the argument as to whether or not it's truly literature.  Children adore the book, and a lot of adults as well.  I must admit that I found Harry taking a bit too much delight in the suffering of his enemies to make me feel comfortable about him being a role model of any sort to my daughter; then again, Harry went through a childhood guaranteed to keep a Muggle child in therapy for years to come.  As far as my daughter is concerned the bad kids simply deserved it.
 What else can I say that hasn't already been said?<br/>I've loved the movies for a long time so it was time for me to read the books.<br/>Now before I get scoffed at for being a movie fan before a book fan let me explain why I prefer it this way:<br/>I get to enjoy the whole movies without feeling like anything is missing. Then I got to read the books and learn SO MUCH more!<br/>Ok, I do wish Peeves had been included in the movies. Haha
 To date, this is the fifth time I have read this series.  I love these books and am so glad my daughter encouraged me to read them when they first came out. As a librarian, I was encouraged to read them so that I could recommend them to my students in middle school. This is a classic adventure of the first rate; not so much about witchcraft as about good vs. evil and who wins in the end. I would encourage kids of all ages to read them.
 This book is gorgeous! I am so excited reading it with my kid. The pictures bring the story to life and I love that it is unabridged. It is also the British version which as an American I am enjoying for the first time.
 Brilliantly creative! Now I understand the mass appeal. I purchased this first book in the Potter series to screen it before giving a matched set (already purchased from Amazon) of the first seven novels to my six year old grandson, who is already an avid reader! Perhaps we'll hold off on that for a while. Meanwhile 'Papa' is hooked and can't wait to start Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets!
 I am currently rereading the Harry Potter books for the first time since J. K. Rowling concluded her series.  What most impressed me about the series the first time through was how much better it got as it went along.  The first two novels in the series -- THE SORCERER'S STONE and THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS -- were fun and interesting, but not great.  THE PRISONER OF AZKABAN, however, I did think qualified as great, and the subsequent books were even better.  I tremendously admired Rowling in all this.  I'm sure that she had absolutely no idea that the books would become the phenomenon that they did.  She could have coasted and produced several more novels on the same level as the first two, but instead she worked extremely hard, improved her craft, and kept faith with her readers.  The quality of the first novels compared with the later novels is immense.  Whether or not the series deserved the degree of hype it received early on can be debated, but by the time Rowling completed her saga it definitely warranted all the praise that it had received.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, even though THE SORCERER'S STONE is nowhere as good as the later books would be, this is a better book than I remembered.  Rowling does a tremendous job of setting up the overall situation, imbuing her story with primal elements that perfectly appeal not merely to child readers, but any reader.  Many of these elements are similar to what one finds in classic fairy tales:  a child with a hidden destiny and unacknowledged worth is abused and debased by uncaring foster parents.  This is as basic a set up as they come.  And the details that Rowling develops as she chronicles Harry's life with the Dursleys are exquisite.  There are times when she almost goes over the top and the neglect of the Dursleys become absurd, but all in all the effect is delightful.  The contrast between Harry's nightmarish life with the Dursleys and his exciting, if sometimes dangerous, life at Hogwarts is immense.<br/><br/>The closest thing I have to a complaint to the first novel is that the overall story is simply not very strong.  What makes up for this is the frequently delicious description of Hogwarts.  The places, traditions, people, and entities she describes are consistently marvelous.  Diagon Alley, Haggrid, the Hogwarts Express departing from Platform Nine and Three Quarters, the Sorting Hat, the four houses of Hogwarts, Nearly Headless Nick, and numerous other details are simply superb.  And Rowling creates a wonderful cast of characters.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione are a truly great trio, as is Dumbledore and Snape and all the denizens of Hogwarts.  As I said, I think the dramatic arc of this novel is the weakest part of the book, but the world she creates is nearly perfect.  The subsequent novels would exploit this wonderful world to create a great overall story.<br/><br/>Now I'm going to say something controversial and will probably make some people mad, but I want to write an honest review.  For me the one really false note that runs through all of the Harry Potter books is quidditch, which is improbably described as the greatest game in the world.  I find almost nothing interesting and appealing about this game, even if people could ride on brooms.  One could point to a host of minor problems with the game, but the biggest would be the absurd number of points assigned to the catching of the Golden Snitch.  Catching the Snitch garners so many points as to render the rest of the game as nearly irrelevant.  Apart from the fact that the game is played by people who are flying, I found almost nothing interesting about the game.  And as much as I came to love the series in the later novels, I never came to like anything about quidditch.<br/><br/>All in all this is a fine start to a great series.  The main achievement in this first book is the wonderful, literally magical world that Rowling creates.  While the stories would get better, the initial set up could not have been more perfect.  I look anxiously forward to the next book in the series.
 I began the series because I have 5 grandchildren ages 11-5. Three of the children love the books and so do their fathers. I have fallen in love with these characters and their adventures and share this joy with my grand children. I helped make Hermione Halloween costumes for three of them to support their enthusiasm and even a Hagrid costume for my son in law. I and my daughter are wearing muggle t- shirts. This book was quite intense and hard to let go.
 This isn't a rating of the story. This is a rating on the book itself. I have read all the Harry Potter books and love them all. This book is so beautiful. I can not believe the quality and the illustrations. It is so stunning. I am so happy to add this book to my HP collection and it makes me more excited of what is to come in these additions.
 Okay, everyone already knows about Harry Potter, the entire universe has seen the movies and most of the known world has read the books. I bought this because my first copy had broken apart, and I have to admit it had been read a LOT. I splurged and bought the British version because I'm an anglophile and I find it silly to have the English translated into American. Like I don't know what a scone is, for Pete's sake?! Hagrid sounds so much more himself in the rude slang that Ms. Rowling (G*d bless her) gives him, and all those extra u's just make the words a little rounder and fuller in the mouth (or mind). If you have not read the Harry Potter books, then you have missed a great treat. And as for those unread people who think this is anti-Christian, I find her philosophy fits beautifully into Christian thought, and in fact the culminating book of the series IS Christian and nothing else in the beliefs and actions of the young hero, though she is the furthest thing from "religious" and preachy. Think C.S. Lewis' Narnia series for older kids. And adults.  If you want anti-Christian, then Pullman is your man.
 A number of years ago, my ex-wife told me that she was exposing my son to Harry Potter. As a Christian, I had been told many different things from "straight from hell" to "I liked it but not really for kids." I needed to know for myself what was what to so I read all four books that were out at the time. I couldn't put them down and thoroughly enjoyed them! I let others have their own opinions but I really love the series.<br/><br/>Here we are now, waiting for the seventh book to be released, and I have become permanently disabled, which makes it so hard to hold a book for long periods of time, even these intoxicating and addictive books but I couldn't put them down no matter how badly my hands hurt!  So what's a person supposed to do who can't hold a book but wants to know what's going on in the Harry Potter universe? Enter Jim Dale bringing an unabridged telling of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone using his multi-talented narration and incredible vocal range to bring Harry Potter, Hermione, Ron, Hagrid, Albus Dumbledore and the rest to life with each one of them having their own voice different from the others. It is so wonderful to be able to put a high quality CD in and just get lost in the world of magic found in the Harry Potter Universe. I loved the narration so much that I finished this first audio book in two or three days so I quickly ordered another one in the series!<br/><br/>Quickly you begin to be able to tell Ron's voice apart from Harry's and so on. Hermione's voice is a hoot because Mr. Dale always has her draw out Harry's name to sound like, "Harreee." It is interesting to note in this first book that "Voldemort" is actually pronounced "Voldemorre" but I think that has to do with the way the English "speak English." However, I just received and am listening to "Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince" and Jim Dale is very clearly saying "Voldemort" now. It may be because of the movies, fans, the publishing house or author but for whatever reason, it sounds more natural to me and how I would have pronounced it myself.<br/><br/>I recommend this audio book to you highly as you rediscover the magic of the book that started it all while you lay down to rest, do dishes, go for a drive or a jog, head for work or whatever else you may do where you can concentrate on the fantastic story telling. And if you miss something or find yourself wanting to dive back into the world of Harry Potter, you can always rewind or start again! The price is great and the product is awesome. Thanks!
 This is the third book in the Harry Potter series. In this book we meet Harry and company once again on their way to Hogwarts, most of the book takes place at the school during the school year. The main plot of this book is that mass murderer Sirius Black has escaped from wizard prison and is out to get Harry. Sirius is also Harry's godfather and is supposedly the one that betrayed Harry's parents to Voldemort which eventually resulted in their death. As is often the case with the Harry Potter books, things are not so black and white as they are initially presented. 'Good guys' are actually bad, 'bad guys' turn out to be good; there are several exciting plot twists and the book ends on a somewhat happy note.
 I just read all the Harry Potter books again (in my 40s now) and for some reason I was missing this first one in the series.  It is very simple and sweet and short in comparison to the rest of the books.  They progressively get better in my opinion.  I prefer the British versions for their authenticity, but altogether it is a very enjoyable series. My very religious brother did not want his kids to read them until I informed him that it is the same story at "Star Wars" (which he loves), just with 'magic' instead of the 'Force'.
 Having just reread the entire Harry Potter series in preparation for Book Six, it seems like the time is now right for me to finally review Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.  To call the book fantastic is a gross understatement.  Without doubt, it is the most absorbing novel I've ever read - even on multiple readings.  It may be well over 800 pages, but it's still a quick read.  I'm betting most fans read this book in two days or less - you just can't put it down.  There were times when I wanted to throw it at something, though, just because so many awful things happen to these beloved characters over the course of Harry's fifth and - by far - most trying year at Hogwarts.  You sit there enraged, struggling to believe such awful events can possibly be happening, and you're quite powerless to do anything about it - except plow on, hoping for a proverbial break in the clouds.  At other times, I wanted to put down the book and cheer - especially for Fred and George and Professor McGonagall.  Heck, even Peeves had me cheering in this one.<br/><br/>They're not lying when they call this a coming-of-age story.  Fifteen is a tough age for anyone, a sort of purgatory between childhood and adulthood, but for Harry it's uniquely unbearable.  He's just seen Cedric Diggory killed and barely escaped from a fully restored Lord Voldemort, and what happens?  He goes right into a wizarding deprivation tank on Privet Drive, with absolutely no word for weeks on end about what is going on.  Then Dementors attack him, and he's suddenly facing expulsion and a hearing before a council of grand wizards.  Once he is reunited with his friends and godfather, the adults still keep him in the dark - and he blows up, as well he should.  Knowing almost nothing about what the newly restored Order of the Phoenix is actually doing, he's then packed off to Hogwarts - where he is almost completely ignored by Professor Dumbledore.  The most unbelievable (and enraging) thing about all of this is the fact that Cornelius Fudge, the git running the Ministry of Magic, refuses to believe Voldemort has returned, and the Daily Prophet devotes the whole year to stories about the unbalanced, unstable Harry Potter and his attention-seeking claims.  Then, as if things couldn't get any worse, you have the arrival of Dolores Umbrage - easily the most hateful, infuriating character of the series - as Professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts and - in short order - High Inquisitor of Hogwarts.  Well, I won't go through the whole list, but Harry is really on his own more than ever this year - facing the largest obstacles imaginable.<br/><br/>When I first read this novel, I felt that Harry was really just a little bit on the mean side during this fifth year at Hogwarts.  A second read shows me that I was wrong, however.  Harry is a teenager, in many ways a normal teenager despite his unique situation.  The whole relationship thing with Cho Chang, for example, is perfectly envisioned.  And the young man has a right to be mad - the fact that he even survived Hogwarts this year, let alone another encounter with Lord Voldemort, is darned impressive.  We really learned a lot about all of the characters in this book - Snape, in particular.  Good old Ron finally gets a few moments in the sun of his own, Neville emerges as a crucial character to the whole saga, and Hermione (my favorite character) is still her delightful self - except even more so.  And I love Luna Lovegood.<br/><br/>I didn't think any book could be as good as The Goblet of Fire.  Now, I don't see how any book could be as good as Order of the Phoenix.  Knowing J.K. Rowling, though, I expect the best is yet to come.
 I am constantly amazed at Rowling's stunning variety of potions, spells, hexes, and wizarding tools. Plus, the names she chooses for the magical aids, for the creatures, and for the characters themselves are brilliant. I was also impressed with how convincingly she comes up with a believable alternate explanation for all the events in the story, as the true reasons for all that has happened emerges towards the end of the book. As far as I'm concerned, Rowling is a literary wizard!
 "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" is the fourth book in J.K. Rowling's beloved "Potter" series.  It's also the fourth Potter book that I've read.  It's the best of the lot that I've read so far, and that's saying a lot in my book since I really loved "Prisoner of Azkaban."  "Goblet" starts off with something quite adult--a murder.  Then, Harry is brought onto the scene with the familiarly miserable Dursleys.  He's whisked away from them by the Weasleys in a humorous series of events.  Eventually, Potter, Hermione, and most of the Weasley gang end up at the Quidditch World Cup.  At this point, we are introduced to a number of characters such as Winky, Ludo Bagman and Viktor Krum.  It is also at this point that Rowling takes the reader into a new arena of writing.  Her play-by-play description of the Quidditch match is simply breathtaking.  You can easily picture yourself at the event and watch it unfold before your eyes.  After the game, a terrible event occurs which sets up they underlying "evil" feel of the rest of the book.<br/><br/>Harry and his friends return to Hogwarts and learn that the Triwizard tournament will be taking place there.  Two other schools, Durmstrang and Beauxbatons, send their top students to the school in order for a chance to compete in the tournament.  Competitors are chosen by the Goblet of Fire, one from each school.  The aforementioned Krum is chosen to represent Durmstrang.  The alluring and somewhat pompous Fleur Delacour will serve as the Beauxbatons competitor.  Finally, Cedric Diggory, a character only briefly mentioned in earlier books, is chosen as the Hogwarts champion.  A fourth competitor, amazingly, is also chosen by the Goblet.  Harry Potter is chosen to compete even though he is underage and nowhere near the expertise levels of the other champions.<br/><br/>The champions are given three tasks to complete over the school year.  Along the way, we see how Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the other students at Hogwarts are beginning to grow in maturity.  There's a huge Yule Ball that poses a seemingly greater threat to Harry than any of the Triwizard tasks.  He has a falling out with Ron, must deal with being popular/unpopular, and good ol' Malfoy and his thugs, Crabbe and Goyle, are still around to kick Harry when he's down.  Oh, and Harry's starting to fall for Ravenclaw beauty, Cho Chang.<br/><br/>We are also introduced to a new Dark Arts teacher, Mad-Eye Moody, a nosy reporter named Rita Skeeter, and Karkaroff and Madame Maxime, the heads of the visiting schools.  Ron and Hermione begin to develop more independently of Harry.  Hermione begins a fledgeling campaign to liberate house elves.  Ron has to come to terms with the fact that he'll probably remain in Harry's shadow for a long time and his interest in girls starts to bother him more than his silly twin brothers, Fred and George.  Mentioning those two, they, along with most of the other Weasleys, are given a larger amount of page space.  Hagrid gets a little more page time as well, and we learn some great truths about certain other characters who've been present throughout all of the books.<br/><br/>The book concludes with what I consider to be the most terrifying ending for younger readers.  Harry has definitely grown up, and his fan base will also after reading this book.  Readers are forced to deal with vicious murders, surprising revelations about certain characters, and an ending that leaves the reader hanging on for Harry's fifth year at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>This is a highly enjoyable read that I recommend to children who've already read the other books and are around the same age as the main characters (Harry is fourteen in this book).  Younger kids may find parts of this tale to be too scary to read, and the violent and almost non-chalant death of one particular character may be too much for younger kids to handle.  Parents should definitely read this one before letting their younger kids have a go.
 Here goes with the much needed review number 5,040 of "The Sorcerer's Stone"- as of this writing. It'll be a little difficult to say anything that hasn't already been said many times over by others, and probably much better at that, but I'll give it a whirl. This will also be from the viewpoint of a 48 year old Bible-thumper, so perhaps it will give some different perspective.<br/><br/>The story, as everyone knows by now, begins in a fine Dickensian, young adult literature tradition. Like "Wolves of Willoughby Chase", "Great Expectations", and a multitude of other young adult novels,the protagonist is an orphan brought up in a tough spot without much love. Harry is watched from afar down through the years by other witches and wizards, and finally they make known to him that he is a bit special, to say the least. It would at this point disintegrate to a "Prince and the Pauper" kind of rags to riches story, except that Harry must still stay dependent on his unpleasant relations, a process that has the effect of keeping him humble and a bit grounded. He also has the blessing of falling in with the right crowd, and making some great friends.<br/><br/>The first time I read one of the Potter books I knew I was in for the kind of enchantment I'd not encountered since the Lord of the Rings. Vivid, exciting, they immediately lift one to a place reservered for the loftiest of fantasties. Lots of good versus evil, and in the tradition of Lewis, magic can be either, and lots of drama. Only occasionally does one feel that Rowling has forgotten what it's like to be a kid, and even rarer does one feel preached at or condescended to.<br/><br/>The books are problematic theologically, no doubt about it- and I sometimes wonder if they are not unwittingly part of a larger push to make the dark supernatural attractive. It's not so much that they are evil in and of themselves, in fact I think they are quite the opposite- although clearly Rowling is not an apologist like Lewis. Rather, the problem comes more from the mood it helps to set- that "magic isn't all that bad"- and that  kids starved for a supernatural encounter have nowhere else to turn save the occult. This is not true, but few Christian authors have come even close- Peretti comes to mind as one, and Lewis's muse George MacDonald is another- to opening this possibility to the young mind. I have no kids, but I probably wouldn't let very young kids read HP until they were able to determine good and evil at a fairly sophisticated level for themselves.<br/><br/>I also read the book in German, one of the first books I've ever read in another language. I'd read it twice in English, so the story wasn't all that tough to follow in German. For the record, it translated pretty well and I thoroughly enjoyed it in both languages. I think it's some of the best new literature out-for kids or adults, and even the larger and less well edited later volumes of the HP series I've thoroughly enjoyed as well. To compare to Lewis one last time- if you're looking for good theology, dry intellectual humor, and well developed characters, then go with the Chronicles of Narnia. If you're looking for a more in-depth view of a child's world through modern eyes with less theology, and the most vivid, vibrant, alternate world you've ever encountered, then Rowling is choice one. Reading them both is best. And you might want to track down some old George MacDonald as well- "The Princess and Curdie" or "The Princess and the Goblin".
 Absolutely love this edition! I already loved Harry Potter so the story itself was a winner before I even started, however, this edition of the book definitely does it justice! It feels like a super expensive book...heavy weight paper, quality illustrations. I have already pre-ordered the 3rd book coming out this fall and eagerly await it!
 These books are beautiful. I am a big Harry Potter fan and already have two copies of the series (one to read and share and another to keep high on my keeper shelf). I purchased these as soon as I saw pictures of the artwork on social media. I already have a line of people to borrow them (uh oh). Again, the artwork is beautiful. These books are a must-have for any Harry Potter fan.
 I decided to start buying the Kindle version of these books to participate in the book club. I love the Harry Potter series. The storytelling is vivid and involving, immersing myself as a first year arriving at Hogwarts for the first time. For the price and convenience of having these stories around wherever I go, this is a great investment.
 I'm not going to say why I cried, because that would spoil the whole book (warning: DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT read the review: Harry Potter Rocks! A Kid's Review. It gives away the ending!) But, I will say that that ending made me CRY! And I'm nearly 21 years old.<br/><br/>How does one go about describing the Harry Potter books? They're almost indescribable! These books are so full of every emotion, every type of person and creature. They draw you in as the pensieve does into one's thoughts. As Harry witnesses Snape's worst memory (and trust me, you like I will actually feel sympathy towards Snape, believe me!) it is as though he is standing right there amongst his father, Sirius, Lupin and Wormtail. This is how I feel when I read these books. I feel as though I am right there with Harry, Ron and Hermione through every struggle, every injustice, every adventure no matter how dark or hopeless. I cry their tears, I burn with their sense of injustice, my heart leaps with theirs at every victory.<br/><br/>But on to the story. The 5th year is the worst yet, no one will admit that You-Know-Who is back, all summer long The Prophet is making Harry look like an attention-grabbing, lying lunatic. Meanwhile, Harry has not seen his friends or Dumbledore all summer, and when they write they are incredibly vague, understandably frustrating after all the horrors Harry witnessed at the end of his 4th year. Then, before you know it, he is under magical attack on Privet Drive!<br/><br/>Matters don't improve, Harry risks being expelled from no fault of his and Hogwarts is now under strict control from the Ministry of Magic, led by none other than the blind-to-all-facts Cornelius Fudge. Hagrid has disappeared and Harry is thwarted left and right in all the things he loves and needs to do!<br/><br/>I don't understand how anyone could say that these books have been going downhill since the last 150 pages of year 4!? In my opinion, Prisoner of Azkaban was the best yet after years 1 &amp; 2 and Goblet of Fire was better still! This book now is more on the lines of the end of Goblet of Fire, things are getting darker and more ominous and more difficult for everyone. And this is appropriate! With the return of the Dark Lord (eww) we must naturally expect that life will no longer be as fun. But lighten up, there are some truly funny scenes, and a little romance too! But, times are just not as carefree (if they could ever be called so) as they used to be.<br/><br/>Someone said that Harry has no sense of humor anymore. I ask you, would you be full of laughs if you had seen the return of free magic's WORST ENEMY, seen someone die and then have to endure a year of people not believing you, teachers trying to discredit you, people you liked turning against you, insanity charges, visions of You-Know-Who doing his dirty work, all your favorite things being taken away? How would you feel if you thought all the world was against you??? These are the struggles Harry must endure, he is run through the mill, his limits are tested to the max, and we all must hope that he is able to survive it all. I'm not sure I could take it and I'm presently 6 years older than him! As they say, what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger, this will be Harry's test in the future books.<br/><br/>Seems so real, doesn't it? Rowling has a style that makes you believe she is writing a biography! But it's more like watching a film of someone's life and walking right into that film and feeling every single thing that they feel, being in the same dangers, loving and caring about the same friends and almost-family. It's really like what Harry felt when he looked through Voldemort's (shudder) eyes and felt what he was feeling, did what he did but was powerless to stop it.<br/><br/>Harry is tested to his limit in the Order of the Phoenix, he endures things no human should have to suffer, and he will receive a warning that may change his views and way of life forever. I don't envy poor Dumbledore, on his shoulders seems to rest the weight of the world, and now Harry must truly shoulder some of that weight. Dumbledore can no longer protect Harry from the worst, and in trying to protect him from the ultimate truth up to this point, Dumbledore may have made a very grave and horrible mistake.<br/><br/>This book is wonderful, heart-breaking, astounding, depressing, and truly amazing all at the same time. World-Class author, kudos Ms. Rowling! How could I ever have been skeptical of these books??? They are now amongst my ALL-TIME favorites! I hope book 6 is released soon, I'm not sure I can stand the wait!
 Beautiful book, wonderful illustrations.  I bought this book because I'm a Harry Potter fan and have gotten each of the versions as they've been released - original, digital, audio, movies, and now the illustrated Potter.  What I didn't expect was to fall in love with the book and the world of Hogwarts all over again.  I'm anxiously awaiting the rest of the books to be released.<br/><br/>The book itself is large and printed on heavy, glossy paper, and loaded with pictures ranging from tiny to two-page illustrations.  I've seen some reviews which said that the spine has broken but my copy has held up well.
 I've read this book twice so far. Once for myself and another time for my 5 year old neice who is now obsessed with who she calls "harrypotomus".<br/><br/>The book is all ages and to my great surprise it's better than the movie.<br/><br/>The book itself is durable and the letters aren't too small.<br/><br/>I've loved it
 Although overly long, the extra space is given over to character development of interest, and some exposition. Though not enough exposition to bore the reader. With this added space we get to see some old favorites return, and some great new characters.<br/><br/>  The tone is dark and confused, Harry is an angry young man as he deals with his encounter with Voldemort alone and with no support other than the Dursleys. Harry finds the truths of his world on shaky ground as Hogwart's comes under the dominion of a particularly hideous Defense Against the Dark Arts teach, and later acting headmaster, Umbridge. Harry and Dumbledore find themselves under an attack on both political, personal and public relations fronts as the ministry of magic attempts to squash their belief in the return of Voldemort.<br/><br/>  On top of this, our angry Harry feels overly protected by Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix and wishes to be allowed to do something, anything. Seeing his friends excel in various activities of school causes him both joy, and anguish, depending on his mercurial mood.<br/><br/>  Eventually Harry begins teaching a select group of students Defense Against the Dark Arts and a wonderful new character, Luna Lovegood, joins the core group of friends. Luna was a great surprise, a placid, self-assured, calm free-spirit. She brings a nice calming balance to the core group of otherwise hyper individuals.<br/><br/>  The first 100 pages in Sirius Black's house allow us to see Professor Lupin, Black himself and the real Mad Eye Moody who have all returned as well as a few other new characters on the side of Voldemort.<br/><br/>  At the culmination of the book, not only has Harry grown, but the other core group and incredibly the Weasley twins fulfill their potential in a completely plausible and heroic way.<br/><br/>  Despite the length, the pacing is pretty much perfect, I kept reading all night long until finished. There are a few dragging spots, mostly due to Harry's adolescent rages being overdone. Even with that though, the book is brilliant and far and above the others in the series, and should rank amongst the classics of the genre.
 So... now that the tumult and the shouting have largely died, what is left to say about this book?  Some readers who devoured the first four Potter books with delight had a problem with this one.  It's... well... different.  And some readers can't handle different.  What's happened to Harry?  Well, adolescence has happened, and in a big way.  He's fifteen now, midway between childhood and manhood; it's a difficult age for anyone, and probably more so if you've had a homicidal wizard on your case for the last four years.  Sure, Harry's moody, irritable, downright unbearable at times, who wouldn't be, if they were in his shoes?  And so we find Harry at the opening of HP5 in his usual midsummer funk, desperate to get back to Hogwarts and away from the loathsome Dursleys.  But this time, the dark forces after Harry are getting a tad impatient; they don't want to wait for him to return to Hogwarts before raising all kinds of cain; the dreaded Dementors attack Dudley right in his own backyard.  Driven off by Harry in the nick of time (one wonders why Harry didn't just let the Dementors get Dudley -- and how did Aunt Petunia know what the Dementors were anyway??), Harry finds himself hauled before the Ministry of Magic charged with violating the laws against underage wizardry.  But he's vindicated by Dumbledore's intervention in his behalf and spends the rest of the summer prior to his return to Hogwarts at the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix, an intrepid group of wizards out to thwart the evil machinations of Voldemort and his demonic adherents, meeting in the home of Harry's godfather Sirius Black.  We find out the fascinating tidbit that not only are most of the wizarding families related to each other by blood or marriage, but Black himself is related to -- of all people -- the evil Malfoy clan.<br/><br/>We remember in Book Three that ditzy Professor of Divination Trelawney, in the middle of one of her interminable reading of the tea-leaves that looked like so much mush to Harry, Ron and Hermione (Divination wasn't one of their best subjects) all of a sudden went into a fit and made one of her few geniune predictions: that Voldemort would return "greater and more terrible than before".  She wasn't kidding.  He's back, all right, along with some of his most dangerous followers whom he's managed to spring from Azkaban, and they're all out for blood, Harry's especially.<br/><br/>Some new faces are introduced in this volume; we meet Sirius's incredible mother, a vicious harpy who makes the Wicked Witch of the West look like a choir girl; a pink-haired punk rocker in the Order of the Phoenix named Nymphadora Tonks ("Wow! a FIREBOLT!?" she gasps when she sees Harry's broom; making us wonder if a Firebolt is the Lamborghini of broomsticks); a somewhat spacy fourth-year Hogwarts student named Luna Lovegood (no wonder she's called "Loony") who, weird though she appears, is the only person who seems to understand where Harry is coing from; and, overshadowing all, a pint-sized witch named Dolores Umbridge, oozing evil from every rotten pore, who usurps Dumbledore's position at Hogwarts as Headmistress and seems to be on a personal mission from Voldemort to do Harry and his friends in.  But Harry isn't going down without a fight; he and his friends form their own secret group to learn advanced defenses against the dark arts, which they will put to good use in the book's climactic conflict in the Minister of Magic when they come face to face with Voldemort and some of his more unsavory adherents.<br/><br/>Besides having to deal with the noxious Umbridge (one really wants to tie a bag of firecrackers to this lady and watch her explode), Harry has enough on his plate just being fifteen with a crushing course load and a crush on Cho Chang, who turns out to be as shallow as she is pretty.  It's an endearing characteristic of Harry that, skilled as he is in wizardry, he doesn't have a clue about girls (asked by Ron to describe his first kiss with Cho, he says "wet"), and when Hermione tries to explain to him how Cho feels when he talks about other girls to her, she might as well be speaking Tagalog.  Harry also has to come to terms, like all adolescents, that at least one of his parents wasn't the paragon he imagined him to be; when he inadvertently blunders on Snape's worst memory, and discovers why Snape hated his father so much, we empathize with his shock at realizing that Potter Sr. was a world-class jerk at fifteen.  (Like most fifteen-year-olds, he grew out of it.)<br/><br/>Rowling left a lot of threads hanging at the end of Book Five and this bothered a lot of readers, but it only left this one on tenterhooks waiting for Books Six and Seven.  We suspected from the beginning that it will finally come down to a fight to the finish between Harry and Voldemort, but all kinds of delightful subplots are pending in the meantime.  And some of her minor characters, especially Neville Longbottom, are developing in all kinds of interesting and unexpected ways.  Yes, someone close to Harry dies, and probably everyone and his brother knows who it is by now, but just in case there is someone out there who is still clueless, I'm not saying who.  Just let Rowling keep the magic coming through two more books, and after Book Seven is finally released, I will be among the multitudes clamoring for a sequel.  There just can't be a world without Harry Potter.
 Jk Rowling is amazing , I am a life long reader ,biographys, history, politics,clasics, mystery's ,ect ect .One of rhe great joys of my life was reading to my children , I started reading this to them aloud, and I was hooked ,so were they !!!! We continued on with the series, standing in line at ,midnight for the next book !!!!! In August !!!!  ANYONE who can get children to want to read a book so much during summer vacation deserves a medal !!!! What a wonderful time we had !!! I must admit by the time the last one came out,my kids were in college, that did not stop me from standing in line at the bookstore at midnight for my copy, I was pleased to see I was not the only one with white hair !! But it filled me with joy to see all the age groups there waiting for a BOOK and talking about the last one ,speculating about the new release !! THANK YOU JK ROWLING for your wonderful world of Harry Potter !!!
 La verdad vi primero las películas y hasta muchos años después me di la oportunidad de leer los libros. Creo que hicieron un excelente trabajo porque las películas están muy bien adaptadas al libro. Sobre todo porque me encanta la forma en la que J.K. Rownling escribe. Es una lectura bastante fluida!
 I've been trying to encourage my 8yo son to read. We finally sat down and read this book,  together. First, I would read a chapter and then he had to read me a chapter. He loved the illustrations! He even told me,  "the books are so much better than the movies! ". We finished the first book and are now on the second (regular kindle version). A great series, I have enjoyed them all.
 Why are  so many people wild about Harry?<br/>I have a fascination with the thought of teaching at Hogwarts.  Over the last year or so I have read the various Potter Books and watched the movies. I listen to the music on the soundtrack CDs while working. It sets a nice mood for me. Why?<br/>There has been a flurry of writing over the issue of why Potter has been such a hot item. Why do children like to read the books? We have their quotes to read over and think about. Some declare reading them has pulled them away from the abyss and toward success. Adults ponder these issues and offer various reasons why they think they have been so popular with children. Better, they also ponder why the books have been popular with adults as well. Notice that lady JKR says she wrote the books for herself, because she liked them.<br/>Some have detailed the perfect fit the stories have with the trends in political and economic aspects of British or American society. Others have described the wonderful use the plots make of classic templates that always win hearts and imaginations. Harry is Jesus made flesh. Those who see a satanic cultus have been pretty much laughed out of town or they live in towns most laugh at.<br/>We also have the interplay with public relations and the media. Lady JKR received good PR even prior to the first publication of HPP/SS. The news media were interested in the poor single mother making good. It was like magic. Scholastic bid high for the rights in America and that meant a burden was on them to produce fans. They did a good job. But of course, the book was good in its own right. The movie stuck to the text, so to speak. One thing AOL did right. The kids would have been disappointed otherwise. Now when we read we picture things according to the film for better or worse. Frankly, I could never have imagined the delivery of lines such as, "It does not do Harry to dwell on dreams and forget to live." as well as Richard Harris did. Bless him. The irony of it hurts, but it sounds like good advice and one reason to dwell on someone else's dream when it delivers such wonderful insights.<br/>With so many enjoying the books each for their own reasons, it makes little sense to think there is a peculiarly important reason why the books have enjoyed the overwhelming success they have. There are lots of reasons.<br/>I do not want the story to stop. It bugs me that I have to wait until next June to see the next movie and even longer to find out what happens to Harry next. But I know I have to be patient. I don't want JKR to feel rushed. I want her to do the job right all the way to the word "scar."<br/>....<br/>Well, no tickling sleeping dragons.<br/> website]
 I got into the Harry Potter books about two years ago. I read them because I work at a library and wanted to see what the big deal was...and to give me something else to talk to my patrons about! I was surprised how much I loved the first four books....it took me about 10 to 11 days to read them all! What J.K. Rowling does, she does extremely well...all of the Harry Potter books combine fantasy and wizardry with suspense, action and mystery. She creates fascinating and likable..and very evil...characters...her books are very fast paced and tough to put down...and she makes it all look so easy!<br/>  I had the priviledge to read aloud the first chapter of "The Order of the Phoenix" in front of a group of kids and their parents on the day that the book came out and I had an absolute blast doing it!<br/><br/>  The book gets off to a very fast and exciting start, like J.K. Rowling is saying, "I'M BAACK!" The book starts out in Privot Drive, where Harry is staying with his Uncle Vernon and his Aunt Petunia and mean, fat Dudley. Harry and Dudley are attacked by a pair of Dementors, which Harry wards off. His Uncle and Aunt think Harry attacked Dudley..of course....until Harry tells them about the Dementors...which leads to Aunt Petunia dropping a little bombshell of her own( which I won't tell you the specifics of; it's one of the books most pleasant surprises!). Harry gets into trouble for using magic, which leads to a hearing...then he's off to Hogwarts again, for maybe his toughest year yet.<br/>  It was nice to be reintroduced to all of the characters again, like Hermione, Ron Weasley and his brothers, Hagrid, Dumbledore, Snape, Malfoy, etc... Harry has to deal with more frustration than ever before...and he blows up and gets angry more in this book than ever before...and it's easy to see why! Dumbledore, for some unknown reason, won't look at him, he has a new teacher, Ms. Umbridge, whose sole purpose seems to be to make life a living heck for Harry. He gets a crush on a girl and nobody seems to believe him about Lord Voldemort coming back. He also keeps having nightmares about walking down a long, dark corridor.<br/>  The book is 870 pages long and some people have complained that it is too long. I'm absolutely fine with it's length, because the book is about as fascinating as the others and Rowling packs alot of story in it and takes the time to develop her characters even more. It is rather dark in tone and maybe not as pleasant as some of the others, for this is partly about Potter growing up and experiencing the joys and pains of being a teenager. It's also about friendship and loyalty. It's about alot of things and it's about all of them very well!<br/>  I eagerly await the next book!
 Sigh.<br/>When JK Rowling was a miserable, divorced welfare mother, she wrote about a beautiful, magical world that was fun to escape to.  There were exciting landscapes &amp; buildings, funny magical creatures, a school that everyone would want to attend, etc.  Harry, a Dickensonian type orphan, was able to escape to this world and find friends, prizes, and glory.  The writing was in a charming, chatty style, that lingered lyrically on the better parts of the wizarding world.  Leisurely descriptions were intermingled with tightly written suspense and action.  Ahh...<br/>Now JK Rowling is richer than the Queen of England, has a new marriage and a new baby.  Now she feels free to explore the darker side of this magical world and Harry's adolescent crisis.  She also is feeling somewhat burdened by the pressure to get these books out.  The result?  Harry is in a bad temper.  He has too much homework.  Not only do the Dursley's torture him, he is tortured in detention.  He snaps at his friends.  They bicker with each other.  He feels terribly sorry for himself.  He is misunderstood.<br/>There are few if any funny, happy scenes in this book.  Harry wins no prizes and gets no glory.  Fortunately, at least Ron does, which is nice.<br/>Unlike JK Rowling, I have not passed into a better life.  I was still hoping for a beautiful escape.  The beginning of this book was so dismal I almost gave up on it.  Though, having waited so long for it, I had to plug along.<br/>The action did start really picking up in Chapter 16, so I was glad I had continued.<br/>The writing style for the action parts is still nice and tight -- definitely a page turner.  Unfortunately, the leisurely descriptions are reserved for Harry being tortured rather than for romantic views of the castle or charming magical creatures.  You can't criticize Rowling's style at all.  She's a great writer.  She's just in a different place from me now.<br/>I hope this isn't a spoiler, but the ending is hardly happy.  In an interview, JK Rowling asked a reporter about Harry, "What makes you think he'll survive?"  I'm not sure anyone took her seriously at the time, but after this book you'll certainly have to.  If you are reading this to a young child, you may want to read ahead and reconsider.  I can imagine some kids being upset.<br/>Sigh.<br/>I think I'm still hooked.  I'll have to find out what happens in the next ones.<br/>JK:  Please don't kill Harry, Ron or Hermione off.  OK?  PLEEEEZE!!!<br/>Addendum:  The book does have some useful parts for teaching kids about dealing with anger.
 Author JK Rowling made us wait three years for the next installment of this series. In between, it seems she made some movies, had a child and wrote almost 900 pages of the latest Harry Potter novel. The burning question is: was it worth the wait? Does it live up the expectations that the last four books and the long wait set?<br/>Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is stupendous, by far my favorite to date. Rowling manages, somehow, to weave together a dozen different plot elements and make them all work together, in fact effectively to play off one another. In Order of the Phoenix, we find the continuation of the saga of Harry Potter and his adventures at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. This episode may be the strongest effort yet by Rowling. The story line itself is every bit as exciting and compelling as the previous episode (Goblet of Fire), and Rowling's descriptive abilities and creativity are in great evidence, making the writing colorful and easy to read.<br/>This fifth installment, however, marks a serious evolution of the story, paralleling the growth of her rapidly maturing characters, now young adults in their fifth year of school. The story itself is noticeably bleaker than past books, and the reader will share Harry's growing teenage anxiety as he deals with trying issues, both mundane and extraordinary. Harry and his pals are not children anymore, and this plot reflects the seriousness, not to mention the tragedy, of the evolving struggle between dark and light. As Voldemort's return begins to define a stark new reality for the "wizarding world," the problems Harry and his friends face also grow more profound. Rowling does a tremendous job of pulling the reader inside the head of the increasingly troubled teenager, even as his situation goes from bad to worse (and frequently to alarmingly worse).<br/>But it's not just the main characters and the plot that change. Secondary characters, new and old, are a cut above prior novels. The aptly named Professor Umbridge competes admirably with Snape and Voldemort for "Most Despicable" honors. Most impressive of all, though, is returning Professor McGonagall. Book 5 marks, in my opinion, the entrance of a "new and improved" Professor McGonagall, from whom the firecracker personality Rowling has hinted at in the past finally emerges in force from underneath the stodgy façade she had so far maintained. Of particular note is the career-counseling scene, featuring Harry, McGonagall and Umbridge, where McGonagall reaches her full potential as a complex supporting character. It is, without question, my favorite scene thus far in the entire series.<br/>The book weighs in at a hefty 850+ pages, but you won't be using it as a doorstop. It reads quickly and should maintain the reader's attention from first page to last. Was it worth the wait? You bet it was. Go buy this book, and hope that you don't have to wait another three years to see if Rowling can equal it.
 I will keep this spoiler free, so if I am vague about plot, that is why.  May I suggest that all other reviewers do the same, at least for the first month or two?<br/>With each passing novel from JKR, I become more apprehensive that she will have lost her touch, that the shine will be gone.  Rest assured, dear readers, that this novel has all the magic, all the excitement, all the adventure that we have come to expect--and more.<br/>The appearance of darker themes (death, consequences, truly evil villains who have an agenda that is definitely not wholesome) that marked the end of novel four were an unexpected twist for me.  I had heard that this was not a fluke, that she was taking the septology into a serious examination of what happens when someone truly evil rises to power; this is indeed what she appears to be doing.  Serious themes such as these form the backbone of the novel, and are apparent from the first pages.  This disconcerted me a bit, as I was expecting the usual romp through Privet drive, a la Dobby; instead, I got a much different thing.  The New York Times calls this section somewhat "ponderous", but I think that that is a specious view.  In reality, it was important to change the tone of the world, and she wanted to make sure that we understood that all was not mandarin oranges and ice cream here.<br/>  As JKR has admitted in interviews, Harry is much more angry in this novel.  I felt that she handled this reasonably well--she does an excellent job portraying adolescent confusion.  It feels like Harry spends a lot of time being very distressed, but when you imagine yourself, at 15, in his situation, he is not necessarily unrealistic.  Teenage angst has been done better, but seeing this side of Harry is important in understanding how he is growing.<br/><br/> The plot is where Ms. Rowling really shines.  The Order of the Phoenix his one has significant plot twists where they should be, as well as where you least expect them.  Ron and Hermione are there in spades, and there is significant character development for all the major characters as well as a few minor characters.  We see new sides of McGonagall, Dumbledore, and Black, and Neville.  I was thrilled to see threads from novels 1-4 that seemed unimportant at the time be picked up and woven skillfully into the narrative.  Her grasp of the overall plan for her septology is admirable, and I am pleased that she even more careful a writer than any of us had anticipated.  This is a united whole, a well planned world.  This 7 book series has a definite beginning, middle, and an end, and we are in the thick of things now.<br/><br/> All the old charm is back as well.  Rowling's wit seems mostly absent for the first 100 pages, but don't give up hope. She was not not attempting to make the first hundred pages funny--she wants us to know she is in deadly earnest.  The wit is always bubbling under the surface, however, and later in the novel, there are a number of laugh out loud funny passages.<br/><br/> Descriptions, as always, are excellent.  I needn't add that the names of her characters are always interesting, funny, and often revealing.  Spells play an important role, of course, and their magic words never fail to amuse.<br/><br/> Please note: This is not a novel for 6 year olds.  They won't understand the adolescent issues.  The plot is not as scary as the end of the fourth novel, but the overall tone is dark, as has been much discussed.  Her literary style is much the same as the previous novels, but her vocabulary is becoming more advanced as Harry ages.  This is an excellent novel for the precocious 10 year old; I'm not sure I would let 7-8 year olds read it unless they are exceptionally mature.  No sex, but there is some violence, and as above, the dark themes.<br/><br/>  Overall, I would say that this is--hands down--her best novel yet.  The climax left me literally breathless, turning pages as fast as I could, unable to believe what I was reading.  I look forward to her 6th installment in this series.<br/><br/> Well done, Ms. Rowling.  Keep up the amazing work.  Take your time on the next one--it will be well worth it when you do.  And whenever it comes, we'll still be here.
 With sensitivity and depth, Harry Potter finally begins in this fifth book of the series to emerge from his childhood into a multifaceted and dynamic character in his own right.  The continuous fight between Lord Voldemort and The Boy Who Lived reaches greater heights of mystery, action, and desperation in this long-awaited chronicle, just as Harry himself leaves behind the wide-eyed innocent days of his childhood, instead reaching for his emerging young-manhood; this book was definitely worth the wait.<br/>However, the story begins with more immediate problems.  Harry, having been cited yet again for using unauthorized magic during his summer holiday, meets at his hearing the most distasteful person of Delores Umbridge, soon to be Hogwarts' new professor for Defense Against the Dark Arts.  Umbridge, who at Hogwarts teaches very little and serves mostly as a Ministry spy, represents for readers the personification of every awful teacher; she is readily familiar and immediately dislikable.<br/>Not only that, she persistently and doggedly refuses to acknowledge Voldemort's return to power, spouting only the Ministry's official position that Voldemort remains innocuous, and runs to the Minister of Magic with every little conflict at the school.  Slowly, her power at Hogwarts begins to grow, and correspondingly and most mysteriously, Dumbledore seems to fade into the background. Harry, with his scar "pricking" and "hurting" almost continuously, seems to have no one with whom to discuss his fears and what might happen unless all good wizards might themselves to fight Voldemort when he makes his move.<br/>He knows that he can trust members of The Order of the Phoenix, an organization of wizards pledged to defend the wizarding world against evil.  Members include, not surprisingly, Albus Dumbledore himself; Professor McGonagall; Harry's godfather Sirius Black; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley; and the former Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Remus Lupin.  More surprisingly, Harry's chief academic nemesis, Severus Snape, is a member, as are some new and refreshing characters.  However, as Professor Umbridge slowly and systematically begins to cut off Hogwarts from the rest of the wizarding world, Harry's chances of getting support and guidance from these reliable adults begins to recede, and he and his friends are left with their own initiative and ingenuity to confront the forces of darkness which rise inevitably against them.<br/>The chiefly satisfying elements of this book are, first, its lack of circuitousness.  This book actually uses the "wizarding language" that most readers learned in the first four books, so the author can throw around references like "muggle," "squib," "Patronus," and "alohamora" without having to slow down the story.  Second, the story follows an clear plot arc, one in which the careful reader can connect parts right alongside its hero.  Mostly, the story is satisfying because of its answers.  Harry has been waiting for explanations to some fundamental questions about his own life, and in this book, with skill and sensitivity, Harry learns more about the odd connection between Voldemort and himself, and he learns a little more about the destiny into which he was born.<br/>This is obviously a book that no Harry Potter fan can miss.  If you are a newcomer to the series, please take the time to read the books in order.  You'll be glad that you did!
 Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix is the fifth book in J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series of children's books.<br/><br/>Several weeks ago I eagerly anticipated the arrival of Harry Potter #5 and had preordered it. When I woke up this morning, I found the book right at my doorstep. Elated, I quickly opened the package and started reading.<br/><br/>I just finished the book, and I am not one bit disappointed. J.K. Rowling's writing style is still ever-present in this book, vivid and wondrous as it had been in the previous four books. There are many surprises in the book (like Ron getting to be prefect while Harry doesn't), but I also think that a lot of the details in the book were extraneous. The book was also a bit on the dark/moody side. When I read it, I was constantly disturbed and worried, and the book no longer had the flippant and jovial tone that the first book had, the original reason why I enjoyed it so much.<br/><br/>However, that doesn't stop this book from being so great. Again, the magic of Hogwarts accompanies Harry, Hermione, and Ron throughout the book, but some developments in the book are disturbing, such as Percy's separation from the family, Dumbledore's aloofness in the beginning of the book, and the somber tone on which the book ends. The only characters I felt were unmarred by the morose theme stretched throughout the book were Fred and George Weasley (they operate a joke shop throughout the book).<br/><br/>One of my complaints about the book was the length. This installment of the Harry Potter series is the longest at 870 pages. There are only two reasons I can think why J.K. Rowling would do this:<br/><br/>1) She gets paid by the word so the more she writes, the more money she makes.<br/>2) She is afraid that once she writes all seven books, then she will have nothing more to write about, so therefore, she has to write as much as she can before the momentum of her series is over.<br/><br/>Both of those are bad reasons why the book should be long. While the writing isn't Joyce (concise and perfect in all ways, but slightly unhumanistic), I think that a lot of it is overly verbose. However, I don't feel that the length of the book is something to complain about. Other people disagree though: in fact, upon hearing that HP5 was 870 pages, he responded, "HOLY...."<br/><br/>That doesn't mean the book is bad though. I would still highly recommend this book and would agree that it is _on par_ with the previous writing of JK Rowling. Even though it is slightly depressing at times, it's still an excellent read.<br/><br/>Now, for a brief summary - don't read ahead if you don't want the book spoiled.<br/><br/>Harry is first caught fighting two dementors near Privet Drive. As a result of his breaching of the Underage Misuse of Magic, he has to go to a trial, where he defends himself so he won't get expelled from Hogwarts or get his wand snapped in half. Wizards from the Order of the Phoenix, an underground anti-Voldemort society, come to rescue Harry and take him to a hideout.<br/><br/>Once Harry is acquitted of all charges, he finds out that Albus Dumbledore is extremely aloof and that Cornelius Fudge and Percy Weasley do not believe that Voldemort has come back to power. Percy is cold and disattached to the Weasleys because he "betrayed" the family when he went to work for Fudge. Harry also finds out that Ron and Hermione are prefects for Gryffindor, and he is not.<br/><br/>Once Harry makes it back to Hogwarts, there are plenty of things to worry about. Aside from the new Defense from the Dark Arts Professor, Umbridge, who is working as a "spy" for the Ministry of Magic, Harry has to contend with O.W.L.'s and people who don't believe him when he tells them that Voldemort is back.<br/><br/>Ron is made Keeper for the Quidditch Team in addition to being a prefect. Fred and George are selling pranks and pills for their joke shop. Tons of homework plague Harry and Ron, causing them many sleepless nights. Also, Umbridge inspects all the teachers as Head Inquisitor and she also disbands all clubs and teams (including the Gryffindor Quidditch Team), so they must reapply for reforming. This happens just as Hermione, Ron, and Harry decide that they are going to create a Defense Against the Dark Arts "study group" themselves. Later on, Harry and the Weasley twins are banned from Quidditch for life by Umbridge.<br/><br/>In the middle of the book, Mr. Weasley is attacked. Harry has an out-of-body experience where he is actually a snake and attacks Mr. Weasley. It is even suggested that Harry is being possessed by Lord Voldemort. Harry eventually takes Occlumency (anti-mind reading) lessons from Snape.<br/><br/>Right after the first Occlumency lesson with Snape, Harry realizes that the door at the end of the long, dark corridor in his dreams is the entrance to the Department of Mysteries. The next day, Hermione, Ron, and Harry find out from the Daily Prophet that ten Death Eaters escaped from Azkaban. Dumbledore eventually leaves the post as headmaster of Hogwarts and Umbridge takes over. It seems worse and worse everyday and that Voldemort is getting closer and closer to victory.<br/><br/>Eventually the book climaxes and as you might suspect, Harry and the rest of the D.A. (Dumbledore's army) find themselves on a rescue mission to the Department of Mysteries. There is a showoff with Voldemort.<br/><br/>There is a main character who dies. I won't tell you who it is, but it is a main character (not someone minor like Cedric).<br/><br/>The book ends on a somewhat sad note, with the Ministry admitting their wrongdoing and that Voldemort is back, aka the start of the "second war." Let's hope that Harry can withstand two more years at Hogwarts with Voldemort around...
 After pulling an all-nighter to complete the first 500 pages, I was afraid picking it up again in the cold light of day would prove disappointing.  Not so.  This is by far the best H.P. yet. J.K. Rowling manages to believably intertwine the adolescent mood swings in the teen-aged characters with the corresponding exasperation and patience of the adults while telling an intricate tale of revenge, deceit and injustice.  From the first three pages in which Harry, saving his dispicable cousin from the dementors, causes himself most unpleasant consequences, through the reappearance of several characters from earlier books, the introduction of the mysterious and strangely familiar Order of the Phoenix, really horrible conditions at Hogwarts culminating in a hilarious total breakdown of discipline, a breathtaking battle in the depths of the Minstry of Magic, tragedy and grief, not to mention the Harryotypical narrow escapes--this is one destined for the classics.  Harry is a true hero--perservering in the face of overwhelming disappointment, disillusionment, guilt and grief--not to mention confusion over his first romantic encounter with a girl, struggling to balance his school obligations with the rather hectic events in the outside world surrounding Voldemort's return, and his changing relationships with his friends Ron and Hermione.  The introduction of several new characters, notably Dolores Umbridge (wouldn't Prunella Scales be great in the part?) enhance the action in J.K. Rowling's very special character-driven way.  Harry is beginning to show verge-of-adulthood traits such as guilt, anger and compassion for the underdog, and, when confronted with evidence that things and people are not always as they seem, handles these confusing and magical situations as any young adult would.  Revelations about his past and his parents are both painful and surprising, but, after the initial upset, Harry regroups and carries on.  (Can you tell, I'm trying very hard not to give the plot away?) Yes, a main character dies, and no, it's probably not who you think.  It does have a profound impact on the story and on Harry, and this will undoubtedly reverberate in the books to come.  Suffice it to say, some of the recurring characters have newly revealed motivations.  This book is everything we've come to expect from Harry Potter; a page-turning story; unforgettable characters--both good and those we love to hate--great tragic and comic scenes AND there is a new depth to both characters and story.  This should appeal to everyone.  J.K. Rowling--You go girl!!
 I am still reeling from the final pages of this book, as I'm sure most readers will be. The 5th book in the Harry Potter series is quite a bit darker than the other four. While it takes off like a shot with Harry and his cousin Dudley being attacked by Dementors, the next half of the book is filled with frustration. Harry and Dumbledore are being publicly slandered by the Ministry of Magic, who seek to control every aspect of the wizarding world, including Hogwarts. They even install a horrific little witch as an Inquisitor to make sure everything is running according to Ministry standards. All this while Voldemort is on the loose!<br/>It was only when I'd reached the height of MY frustration with the book and the near disintegration of happiness at Hogwarts that I realized what JK Rowling was up to. She brilliantly takes the reader on a ride through Harry's life. Just as he was expecting his 5th year at Hogwarts to be a wonderful escape from the mundanity of the Muggle world, so was I. And as Harry grows more and more frustrated with the Ministry of Magic's manipulations within Hogwarts, so did I. I completely empathized with everything Harry was going through, and I even became angry with Rowling, thinking, "Why did she do this? Why is she making this happen?" And then I realized what a HUGE message she was trying to convey: The Ministry of Magic (it seems to me) is very much like a governmental force. And in this book, the Ministry become very dictatorial. Even Dumbledore admits to making the mistake of incarcerating Sirius and Harry in their homes for their own protection, and he's not a party to the Ministry (thank heavens)! The whole book rings with the importance of freedom and being free to make one's own decisions. But it also speaks about knowledge and secrets, and the need we all have to know what's going on in our world. I really feel this book is a huge commentary on what's going on in the real world. It's almost eerie. And it's brilliant, and I would recommend it to anyone who has been shying away from it. It will break your heart, it will make you think, it will make you dream and hope, and there are moments (thank god for Fred and George) that you will laugh. It is a fantastic book.
 Rowling's story is great and Jim Kay's illustrations bring the story to life. Adding Kindle In Motion to the illustrations only makes it better! Seeing all the motion illustrations makes the book seem as if it is from the personal library of Harry Potter himself. I hope that the rest of the Harry Potter illustrated editions are added to the Kindle In Motion library!
 It's been interesting to skim through some of the other reviews on this site, it helps me to clarify my own feelings about this book. There were a lot of things I liked about it, some things I didn't, but overall it was a good read and one I recommend.<br/>There's no doubt that the Harry in this book is not a very pleasant guy. He's sullen, angry and at times mean to his friends. I do think it may have been a little over the top and hammered home too much in fact. Yet I felt he grew some in maturity through the book, particularly in his teaching the other kids in the club and standing up to tell his story about Voldemort returning. He does more "real" in some ways, that he has failings and is not always the nicest person around. I think a lot of us can relate to being in a somewhat foul mood at times.<br/>The book is definitely long and probably could have done with some more editing. However, I didn't find it quite as tedious as Book 4, which I felt suffered from this more. This one seemed to keep the action and events moving a bit more, and there was a lot of interesting stuff going on, plenty of new characters and new situations. I would still rank Book 3 as the best of the series though.<br/>I have mixed feelings about the killing of a main character. It did seem somewhat unnecessary to me, and didn't really serve much purpose. And I almost didn't realize at first that the person had even died, it could have been better written. But I think it increases the suspense to know that everyone is in danger...particularly in a children's series you never really worry about the main characters, you know they will be fine. Rowling keeps us guessing, that's for sure!<br/>Overall, it's a great book and does not let faithful readers of the series down. Many authors would tend to get lazy and not rise to as high standards when they know people will buy their books no matter what. I'm pleased that Rowling is still obviously hard at work to be sure that we enjoy ourselves and come out satisfied.
 (No more spoilers lie herein than you'd find on the jacket of the book.)<br/>J.K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series falls somewhere between pre-adolescent fantasy and timeless literature; its protagonist is a boy who grows before our eyes, and although Rowling's universe was clearly assembled before she began her first book, her skill as a writer grows along with Harry.<br/>My childhood was filled with Madeleine L'Engle, Susan Cooper, C.S. Lewis, and J.R.R. Tolkien.  Rowling is perhaps this generation's only provider of truly transcendent literature for youngsters, keeping her subject interesting to the young reader without compromising quality or engaging in histrionics.  (The Lemony Snicket series, which is perhaps funnier to adults than to children, is still not great literature - more like Edward Gorey in typeset instead of ink.)<br/>With "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", Rowling spreads her wings and also allows Harry to branch out into humanity with all its many facets.  If the Harry Potter of the "Sorcerer's Stone" was too plucky in the face of adversity for you, you'll relate much more to the 15-year-old, who now faces all of the crippling insecurities and doubt that make life as a teenager both harrowing and educational.  His gut-wrenching triumph at the close of "Goblet of Fire" is brought into sharp, non-fantasy relief by the opening of "Order of the Phoenix".  The Harry Potter phenomenon in our world is at its nadir; in Harry's world, he has returned to the role of misfit and outcast that he thought he'd left behind when he began his life at Hogwart's.<br/>Rowling's writing is more confident, as though the voice of the 15 year old boy is the one she knows best.  She describes in succinct phrases the heady mood swings of adolescence, showing neither pity nor disdain to the subject.  The story here is much more dark; the Triwizard Tournament of "Goblet of Fire" was still a school contest, but the outside world encroaches on Hogwart's in this tale and the tone from start to finish is darker for it.<br/>The Harry in this story faces many of the things a headstrong boy his age would in the real world - challenges of popularity, struggling in school, minor run-ins with law enforcement and tests of strength in his friendships.<br/>"Order of the Phoenix" trusts its young readers to be able to use all of the Harry history they know to follow him through the book's events, and emerge unscathed even if a few sleepless nights between cliffhanger chapters occur on the way to the end.  The suspense and tension in this novel are genuine from the first chapter onward, unlike Goblet of Fire, which always felt safe until its very end.<br/>Although my personal opinion is that children will find far worse on prime time television, some parents may feel the minor language and descriptions of violence in the book are too much for younger kids.  (In truth, I often chuckled at the very rare and well-placed minor cursing - which captured the unsteady voice of a teenager who is only beginning to test his right to speak those words aloud.)<br/>We need not fear that the Harry Potter series will outgrow its original core reading audience, since it's growing up with them apace.  I also strongly recommend "Order of the Phoenix" to adults who found the first Harry Potter books too childish for their liking.
 Was any book so eagerly awaited as this one? I admit to a slight bit of disappointment--HARRY POTTER AND THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX isn't quite as good as I thought it would be. But why is that?<br/>Perhaps because it is the darkest book in the series (to date). Lord Voldemort is on the rise again, and his threat hangs over all the characters. But for all the hooplah, you'd expect the Dark Lord to do all sorts of nasty things, wouldn't you? Well, he does a few horrible things, but not too many. In fact, I felt Voldemort was a bit on the quiet side, which probably means he'll be in fine fettle and killing the good guyes right and left in Book 6.<br/>Then, perhaps it's because Harry is just now growing up a bit. He's 15 years old, and he's just had a major growth spurt. His hormones are in flux, and poor Harry is prone to outbursts of anger when he is tried too far.<br/>Perhaps it's because Professor Dumbledore is visibly missing-in-action during most of the book. We get a glimpse of him here and there, but gone are the intimate exchanges between himself and Harry.<br/>On the other hand, it just may be because Harry doesn't have quite as much to do in this book as he did in previous ones. After you've been in a Tri-Wizard Tournament fighting off dragons, hexes, and the like, I'm sure life does tend to get a bit boring. &lt;grin&gt;<br/>However, all in all, it is a welcome sequel to GOBLET OF FIRE. Students just finishing their exams can sympathize with Harry, Hermione and Ron as they struggle with their huge courseload and upcoming O.W.L exams. The new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher is one we all can (hem, hem) hate vehemently. Fred and George Weasley are in fine form and are putting Harry's Tournament winnings to good use in getting their joke shop started. Best of all, in my opinion, was "Dumbledore's Army" (I won't say more and spoil the effect).<br/>If you're a Harry Potter fan, be sure to read this one. And listen to the audio version, too. It always adds another dimension to the story.
 I'm 46 and male who works out and thinks he's macho and I've read this book 4 times. If you have a stressful job like me where you can't relax, read the HP books. They put you in a fantasy world and JK Rowling's storytelling is so unbelievable and descriptive, she's the best. I got this series for my father after my mother passed away. They were married 69 years and he was grieving. This is not his kind of book but after reminding him how much my mother loved them, he agreed to read them and agrees it puts him in another world and helps him gain peace.
 I'm 46 and male who works out and thinks he's macho and I've read this book 4 times. If you have a stressful job like me where you can't relax, read the HP books. They put you in a fantasy world and JK Rowling's storytelling is so unbelievable and descriptive, she's the best. I got this series for my father after my mother passed away. They were married 69 years and he was grieving. This is not his kind of book but after reminding him how much my mother loved them, he agreed to read them and agrees it puts him in another world and helps him gain peace.
 I have seen this at friend’s  houses and have always wanted to buy one. My son is now a Harry Potter fan so I thought he would enjoy reading it with pictures. The artwork is amazing. Same story but it’s like reading it for the first time now. I appreciate that Amazon offers it for cheaper than other places because that is what kept me from buying it earlier.
 The evolution of these series has gone from naive and maniqueist utopia to dark dystopia. As the world of magic seems to resemble more and more the world it inhabits (since we are all muggles, that is our world), a subtextual (an sometimes not so hidden discussion) emerges about class, race, slave labor and corruption. Since the second book, where we heard for the first time the racial slur "mudblood", this has become the center of the main conflict of the series. Race relations, racism and the pretense of purity are at the heart of the confrontation between the forces of good and evil. It is no surprise that this topic which is painfully present in the political debates all over Europe (with its history of Nazism and the resurgence of a Neo Nazi movement) has become the underlying conflict of the series. For the first time, the sorting hat gives us the real dirt on what lies behind the house divisions at Hogwarts, and it is racism what it talks about. As always, the humor is there, we even find ourselves in the presence of a tabloid newspaper "The Quibbler" which is no better than our muggle tabloids, and with it a parody, too close for comfort, of the role of the media, which had begun to take form also in "The Goblet of Fire".<br/>I particularly recommend a close reading of the description that Sirius Black does about his family and the family ties among the wizards. Nobody reading that chapter can escape the sensation that the analogy with the nazi philosophy is just below the surface.<br/>I certainly think that adults should read this series, because there is much to be discussed there, and much to be learned. I am glad that the Dickensian aspect of Rawling's series has gone beyond the most obvious traits and into a discussion of our society and what we have inherited from our recent past.<br/>Bravo!
 The day "The Order of the Phoenix" came into our home, it immediately became a volleyball between myself, my wife and my 8 year old son.  Woe betide the person who put this book down to grab a bite to eat or something to drink, because it would be immediately snatched up for avid reading by one of the other two.<br/>After several days (and one SERIOUSLY late night of reading), I just finished the book............<br/>EXCELLENT!<br/>Ms. Rowling's writing is improving with each book (which is to say nothing at all bad about the writing in the first one).  In "The Order of the Phoenix", I think she has wonderfully captured the rollercoaster of emotions that Harry goes through as an adolescent male.<br/>The story is getting more intricate (and darker) and the characters are developed nicely.  I particularly like the attention she gave to deepening both Ron and Hermione (and WHEN are THEY going to kiss?!?  Clearly there seems to be some mutual attraction developing between the two of them. :-)<br/>The magic is marvelous and the spells are spectacular.  A slight aside, I continue to be amazed at how Harry continues to struggle with trusting Dumbledore......and withholding information from him.  Dumbledore has saved Harry countless times, so the trust seems well-placed.  Personally, I think it's time to lay this literary device to rest.<br/>And yes, one of the characters dies.  A loss to the story line, but (whew!) not one of my favorites......<br/>All in all, just a wonderful read.<br/>I can't wait for the next volume to come out and I wish "The Order of the Phoenix" was longer.<br/>I can't think of any higher praise.<br/>Thank you, Ms. Rowling for the sweat and tears that went into this book!<br/>Cheers!
 I really love the Kay's style of illustration and I love the amount of detail he puts into the scenes. I highly suggest giving each picture a good stare because otherwise you might miss some entertaining detail. A good example of this is on the cover of the book. At first you think it is just a nice drawing of the hogwarts express but then you notice that it has claws, wings, and a dragon head.
 I had difficulty downloading this to my Kindle. It took 2 days, some Amazon assistance and finally It worked. I read this book years ago, but I thoroughly enjoyed this version and all of the illustrations. I look forward to reading the rest as they are released and hope that they remain the original text. I'm also hoping to get my grandchildren as excited to read as I do.
 (This is a spoiler-free review.) Rowling's done it again--another standout book in the Harry Potter series. The fifth book--The Order of the Phoenix--lives up to the reputation of its predecessors and then some. In by far the darkest of the five tales, Harry faces more than just his nemesis Voldemort. Harry must face his own inner demons while coping with some more typically teenage issues.<br/>To be honest, I thought Harry a bit too angry for parts of the book--I kept wanting him to snap out of it and think more rationally. But when I think back to when I was fifteen--I don't know how much more logical my own thought would have been. So in that sense, Rowling does capture the turmoil of the teenage years brilliantly. I did enjoy Neville having a larger role in this book--I hope we continue to see more of him. I was a bit confused by the Luna character--not quite sure what we're meant to make of her. The villainous Dolores Umbridge (I do love Rowling's play-on-words) is wonderful and Snape continues to the be the most fantastic character you love to hate. Of course there is the one character who dies...very sad, I will miss that character greatly. The club set up by Harry and pals is really quite good and Draco Malfoy's continued annoying presence is always good for a laugh.  It was indeed great to see the staff all pulling together to support one another and Hogwarts when it was truly needed. And needless to say--Dumbledore is amazing!<br/>I read the book through in less than two days (and enjoyed every page, it was just so good!)--and now of course I am sorry I did so, seeing as it is over!  Perhaps I will just have to go back and re-read them all...hurry up with the next book!
 The audio was great but the cd's were poorly printed in some kind of pale orange color.  I assumed that maybe the screen printing was not completed.  I could not read the information on the cd's.  The box was in great shape.  I just wish I could read the cd's to know which came first, second, third, etc.  Had to try each cd in order to find the first cd.
 Harry's back, but he's not having fun.  He's not even at Hogwarts before he's attacked, threatened with expulsion, has his reputation smeared by the Ministry of Magic and the Daily Prophet, and sent off to a secret society that provides no answers to his questions.  Hogwarts treats him no better; Hagrid isn't there, Dumbledore barely acknowledges him, and the new defense against the dark arts teacher refuses to provide practical lessons - then proceeds to terrorize the school with her harsh and restrictive rules.  Even his budding relationship with Cho Chang runs hot and cold.<br/>All this plus Snape's and Malfoy's usual treatment of him pushes him to the breaking point in the fifth book in the series, and Harry spends most of his time frustrated and angry at the forces that are ruining his life.  With his usual outlet of Quidditch denied him, his only refuge is leadership of his own secret - and rule-breaking - society of students dedicated to learning to fight the dark arts.<br/>Despite the costs, Harry is willing to put it on the line to fight for what he believes in - even if it means a direct confrontation between himself and his friends against Lord Voldermort and his Death Eaters.  In the end, victory is his, but this time the price might be higher than Harry is willing to pay...<br/>Major secrets regarding the past history between Voldemort and Harry are revealed, as well as a few about the Dursleys.  Harry learns many harsh truths in this episode, including the fact that many people he looked up to weren't as perfect as he thought, and others he despises may have some right on their side.  In all, worth the wait it took to come out.
 I hate to say it but I was actually really disappointed in this book. It had fewer illustrations than the two previous books and the illustrations were inconsistent like a lot of effort was put into certain ones and then not so much in others. Hopefully the rest of the illustrated versions are better than this one.
 I am a huge Harry Potter fan. I have read every book (including the school books) more times then I can count and watched every movie again and again... I purchased this in hopes of inspiring my little ones to read and to spend some valuable bonding time at bedtime. I must say this is perfect! Almost every page has a beautiful illustration and truly brings the story to life. My two year old loves laying in bed with mommy while I read this to her! She points at the pictures and we "talk" about the characters. I highly recommend  this to all Potter fans! Esp. those of us with little children who want to share J.K Rowlings amazing world with our little loves. :)
 I'm not too worried about condition since paperback books will have some wear after I've read them anyway, but when I'm paying for a "new" book, I do at least expect it to get to me looking new. This one had a long scratch down the left side of the cover. Less than I expect for a new product. Since I was in a hurry to read it, and it'll end up used anyway, it's not worth the return hassle, but I definitely expect the condition to be new when ordering something new.
 Each book just keeps getting more exciting! This kept my interest peaked the whole book.<br/>I didn't want to put it down as there kept being surprises &amp; suspense. I recommend this book to anyone liking the idea of magic &amp; supernatural  as part of a storyline. The characters definitely hold the reader's interest.And they continue to grow  in depth. So now, I'm going to get the4th novel in the series of Harry Potterg novel
 I read this book myself a long time ago. I got my sister into the series and got her this one myself since I love to help her get into reading. Great book and great quality.
 I think that many people were disappointed by this installment of the Harry Potter series because J.K. Rowling tried to do something original here: make her characters REAL.  Sure, Harry has been a beloved character in the past four books, but that is exactly why he has hit this wall in his life.  Just remember, those of you that complain about book 5's "darkness" and Harry's "whinyness" or "failures" that this is exactly what Harry needs to become a better person, and eventually defeat V.<br/><br/>This was a fantastic book, simply because it shows that Rowling has the ability not only to make her characters three dimensional people but to hold them there, even as they live in a fictional, magical world.  She doesn't lose her touch one bit.  And remember also, Rowling started this series because she wanted to write this story, not because the rest of the world wanted her to.  She is simply continuing to stick by that.<br/><br/>This book is trying to show the chldren that have grown up with Harry Potter that the real world has a lot of hardships in it. Harry may have handled it badly, and he may not be the bright, perky person everyone loves, but that is what makes him real.  His failures make him stronger, his mistakes make him wiser, and that is what Harry needed.<br/><br/>On a personal note, I thought the book was really wonderful.  Harry always worried me in the past, because he had that Oliver Twist life story, and I was afraid that he would grow boring, always being the smartest and the favored, etc.  I really wondered how Rowling could keep it going through seven books.  To show him at his worst proves to me that Rowling is a worthy writer, because she doesn't buckle to media, and isn't afraid of taking a chance.  Remember, if your hero is always good, and your enemy is always bad, you have static characters, a static story, and basically, nothing worth reading.<br/><br/>The next book is going to be even better.  I predict it will be a little bit warmer and a little bit brighter, because Harry's failures are leading him towards the light, and the end of the tunnel.  Bring it on!
 I read this book for two reasons. My 13 year old granddaughter asked me to and I wanted to be able to tell every HP fan who asked that I had read one. I have never cared for fantasy or science fiction so take this review with a grain of salt but I found it pretty forgettable.
 I'm a grandmother and great-grandmother and thought it about  time (past time, actually) to read the rest of the Harry Potter books which I had started with my children. Starting from the first book again I have to say that each has been an entertaining pleasure. Nothing in the world can compete with a wonderful imagination and with each book I have been delighted with the gifts of J. K. Rowling.  Thank you for the adventure and excitement.
 When the dangerous murderer Sirius Black is heard whispering words about somebody who's at Hogwarts and manages to escape his prison cell down in Azkaban, the whole school is putting heavy security around the school, including some of the wizard prison's most dangerous guards, the dementors. Through the whole year, students try to live their school life while under the fear that Sirius Black may infiltrate the school and attack whom everybody suspect will be his next victim. Harry Potter!<br/><br/>Being one of the most popular volumes in the series, this chapter of the Harry Potter saga involves incredible adventures for Harry and his friends to explore. Such as the wizard village of Hogsmeade, the shrieking shack, and also a new Defense against the Dark Arts teacher teacher, who is one of the most popular in the series and a true example of a teacher.<br/><br/>Like the first two volume, this book is a cracking good read and has marvelous illustrations from Mary Grandpre, but it is also the one that really puts in motion events that will have huge consequences in the following volumes.
 Dang it, just how are we magical folk going to continue to live in the Shadows if J.K. Rowling keeps writing these books?!<br/><br/>Muggles aren't supposed to know of our existence, but no, one wizard gets a little too drunk and spills the beans to an amazing author and all of a sudden our secrets are all over the world -_-<br/><br/>Hopefully the ministry of magic contains this leak...
 I got this to work on learning Irish.  I honestly have barely scratched it, because it is at a higher level of Irish than what I know, but it helps to read a story that I already know, so I can compare their usage of Irish with my understanding of what it should say in English.  I intend at some point to go through it with references in hand, until I can read it without aid.
 This edition and its companion books carry the series from a popular book to a classic product.  The Harry Potter series has matured into a finely produced, collectible, cherished edition for the ages.  This edition is meticulously put together with the most durable binding of any edition, into books that will last for generations with normal care.  The binding, stitching, and ribbon book mark are hallmarks of the most prized of books, and deservedly so.<br/>  I love the Harry Potter saga, and would enjoy it any edition.  But, the Bloomsbury Special edition gives it the cachet of a true classic, which I hold it to be.  This printing will, in a few years, amount to what a first illustruated printing of "Alice in Wonderland" amounts to.<br/>  This edition amounts to the first real production of the Harry Potter series in a truly lasting book, rather than the falling apart editions we have suffered with for so long.  The Scholastic hardbound editions seem to hold up, but the paperback editions fall into loose pages.<br/>  HP is finally taken seriously enough to become a sturdy, well published, well bound series of books.
 I cannot write a good enough review for this piece of ART. I'm already a huge Harry Potter fan with JK Rowling being my hero. But to pair with an artist such as Jim Kay? His work is inspiring. You are once again transported, not only through the masterwork of JK Rowling's words, but through the magical images that Jim brings to the book. Each page is carefully drawn and you take each word slowly as if tasting each syllable.<br/><br/>This is a pair that won't be beat. Eagerly awaiting the next!
 I can't wait to give this book to my grandson for Christmas. He is six years old and his class is all about Harry Potter EVERYTHING right now. He has seen the first movie and will love reading this with his mom. Unfortunately, they live on the other side of the country.... I wish I could be the one reading with him.
 Just gorgeous illustrations on every page. Looking forward to getting all the books as they are illustrated and released. These are books to invest in and keep as heirlooms for generations to come and enjoy.<br/><br/>Added bonus, a ribbon bookmark. My son can never seem to find a bookmark and loses them constantly. The ribbon is the best way to mark his page.
 SOOO... obviously the book is fantastic - BUT the printing job of the book is another story... I got to page 222, and then it went back to page 175.. all the way through 222 again... so there's a whole repeated section of the book stuck in the middle of the book... we'll see if it happens again during the rest of the book.  Luckily nothing seems to be missing so far.
 An absolute must-have for any Harry Potter fan! The pictures are superb as is the nice large text. It's been great reading this to my 3-year-old niece! Can't wait to read the second one and plan on re-ordering the third!
 With all of the reprints of the Harry Potter series (paperback, new cover art, movie pictures, etc), we were trying to complete our collection of the original hard back books. We didn't start buying these for our collection until book #5 when the series had gained such a huge following. We were so glad we could find these individually here on Amazon to get the missing ones.<br/><br/>The Goblet of Fire really turned up the action and intensity of the series. The first three were all fun and enjoyable as they created a magical world. However, book four seemed to be the first that introduced the overall conflict in a more direct way and was "book one" of the conflict with He Who Must Not Be Named that would end in The Deathly Hallows. Even if you've seen the movies, the books are deserving of a read. The cliche that the books are always better than the movies holds very true here. We hope that JK Rowling continues to write for many years and that she can create other worlds that are equally as imaginative and engaging as this one. Thanks for a great ride!
 I just received my book!  This book is exquisitely beautiful!  The pictures that I have seen posted from some of the posts in these reviews really do not give it justice.  I am at work right now (had it shipped to my office), and had to open it immediately and thumb through every page.  I saw that one reviewer was upset because the book was not protected by bubble wrap when they received it.  Amazon I believe has now corrected this problem.  It was packed with air bubble wrap and did not move at all until I opened it.  J.K. Rowling turned our children back to reading and I can personally attest to this!  My son, back when he was 9 years old HATED to read.  I had to force him to do it as it was required for school.  My mom actually found the first two Harry Potter books at a discount store and bought them for him.  He started reading the first one and now, 8 years later, I can easily say that he has read well over 300 books and buys new ones all as soon as he finishes the last.<br/><br/>Please if you have a young child that doesn't like to read or is just getting into it (3rd-4th the requirements for reading pick up significantly for school), buy THIS book.  The beautiful illustrations and the wonderful story telling that J.K. Rowling tells will introduce your child into a whole new world of beautiful imagination.
 My son read all the Harry Potter books as they were published, but I did not. As a Muggle, I was working and did not set aside the time to read them. I saw the movies as they came out, though, and I enjoyed them.<br/>I asked my son how the movies stood up to the books. He said that they followed the books closely.<br/>Recently I got the chance to read the first book on my Kindle for free. I downloaded it. I expected to begin it and get bored. After all, I've seen the movie, right?<br/>But I suggest, those of you who have done the same, do give the book a read.<br/>There are little details here and there that give you more depth into the story and characters.<br/>As a Muggle, though, I don't understand why Rowling made the Dursleys so awful. Perhaps to make them less one dimensional would take up too much space or time in the story....
 I am 24 years old and I have just recently discovered the Harry Potter series. I grew up in a conservative household and Harry Potter was banned when I was a child. Now that I am an adult my beliefs are much more liberal than that of my family. I heard one of my friends (who is almost 20 years my senior) talking about how much she likes the Harry Potter series, so I decided to rent the Sorcerer's Stone movie. I liked it so much that I immediately ordered the book. I started reading it and found that it was really hard to put it down. I finished it this morning and I love the book. The story really draws you in. I found myself really empathizing with Harry and always wanting to find out what would happen next. I liked it so much that I ordered the second book. Thankfully it should be here tomorrow, because I cannot wait to "visit" Hogwarts again!<br/><br/>To those who believe that Harry Potter is "Satanic": There is nothing satanic or evil about this book. I urge you to read the books and watch the movies before you judge them.
 I'd bought and read the Harry Potter books, long ago.  And, I bought the movies as they came out.  I've watched the movies, several times through the years and now, reading the books once again, I'm surprised at the differences, especially this volume. The good news is that I am delighted with both the book and movie.  Off to "The Half-Blood Prince" ...
 Love this, wanted to get a kindle version of the series and saw this.  Beautiful illustrations, animation is soft, but such a wow! I also bought the Fantastic Beasts, will read that one when I finish Sorcerer's Stone.  Hopefully they will start releasing the rest of the series like this.
 Love how thick it is. I can't wait to read it! It came in perfect quality, and I just love that new book smell. Definitely worth buying
 I love to listen to audiobooks at work and am I big HP fan, so this was a must buy for me! Jim Dale is excellent as a narrator and J.K. Rowling's works are fantastic! Although I have read the Sorcerer's Stone countless times, I still find things that I have missed when it's read in this medium.<br/><br/>If you're a Harry Potter and/or and audio book fan, this is a must buy! I have listened to it many times, and will be purchasing other books in the series soon.
 I read this book a few years ago, when the the thrill of Harry was in it's prime.  I've seen the movie more times than I can count and I must say the movie is excellent but not as good as the book.  I've just reread this book and can't beleive all I had forgotten.  It's truly a page turner.  From the start when Harry spots the Grim to when Mr Weasley warns Harry of Sirius Black's escape and hunt for Harry the reader is hooked.  The Maurader's Map is a great addition to the Invisibility Cloak.  The first 2 books were good, but you truly don't get into Harry until this book.  Ron and Hermione's relationship is beginning to bud.  Hermione is truly the goody goody in this installment.  There were times I was mad at her with Ron and Harry.  Getting the history of Harry's father's friends helped the story advance with background.  This book also helps paint the picture of Snape and his hatered for Harry.  The introduction of the Patronus is excellent.  It's just as amazing in the book and the movie did a great job of reproducing it.  All in all, I loved this book and recommend it to everyone who enjoys magic and fantasy reads.
 I have already read the seven books of HP like 4 times and I decided to do my English 10 honors assignment on HP because I love HP. I didn't own any books and I don't have a library and even though I checked out a book, I can't make notes on it for annotations. SO I decided buy it and when it got here, can I just say AMAZING. There were no dents, marks, ripped pages, or anything like that. It really looks like I just bought it from a bookstore. It feels, looks, and even SMELLS like a brand new book that was not used. I love it!
 It is the first in the Harry Potter series. It introduces you to Harry and his core friends and enemies. The first time I read this book it took me a minute to get into it. But once I did (somewhere around the 75-100 page mark) I could not put the book down. Is there really someone out there that has not read this series yet?? If so, go ahead, get the book. Doesn't matter how old you are. Chances are you will fall in love with Harry, his friends, his professors and the World of Harry Potter.
 I read this book aloud to my family (with 2 children) over a period of two weeks.  I have done this many times before with other books but never have they wanted me to keep going and going and not stop.  As soon as we finished, my 11 year-old daughter had to read it for herself.<br/>Just why  this book has become such a phenomenon is not hard to see.  The story  appeals to all of us, no matter what our age.  The suspenseful parts have  just the right amount to keep us on the edge of our seats; the humor is  perfectly-timed; the emotional portions are exquisite.  All of the  technical aspects of a fiction novel for older children are here.<br/>But  that is not why it is so wonderful.  The character of Harry Potter, I  believe, triumphs over a situation in which we can all see ourselves.  His  background is one we can relate to, even if it exaggerates our own  predicaments (just as our own memories are).  His progress through the  story just makes us want to cheer.  All of the characters are  multi-dimensional and impossible to predict, constantly suprising us, and  yet the whole ensemble merges together like a world class symphony.<br/>If  you haven't read this book yet, don't wait any longer.  It is not often  that we get to witness the birth of a classic.
 Beautiful!! I'm very happy with the 20th anniversary edition of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone!! I got the Ravenclaw edition because I like blue and was happy to see the first few pages were details about the Ravenclaw house! Kinda want to collect them all! I also looked it up and the second books 20th anniversary edition comes out June 28, 2018!!!!!
 This book definitely lives up to all the movie and media hype. J.K. Rowling is brilliant and Stephen Fry is thrilling. We decided to listen to these on audio-book while driving, cleaning and working, watching the first movie afterwards. The storyline is engaging and enthralling from the beginning. Magic begins almost immediately, quickly pulling the audience into the mysterious life of Harry Potter. Stephen Fry is capable of a wide range of voices; just when you think he can't possibly read as another new character, he excitingly does it. We worried we might be too old to enjoy this series, but Rowling is such a genius author that she writes at a level enjoyable to all ages. Bravo! Read this book and then watch the coinciding film. The movies never please every fan, especially the hardcore ones, but it's always great to see the characters come to life in cinema.
 Order of the Phoenix, while not as good as Goblet of Fire, is still a damn good read.  My only complaint against the book would be the rehash of plots and devices from previous books.  I understand that Ms. Rowling has a seven book series in mind, but maybe some new plot devices would be in order.  That being said, this book is a must-read for any Harry Potter fan.  The thing about this book is that it's beginning to move out of the realm of children's books into the young adult world.  The characters are of course growing up and dealing with all the problems of teenagers their age, but the action is also becoming more adult as Lord Voldemort becomes ever braver in his attempts to take over the wizard world.  One of the great things about this book is the back history of the story, which allows some character's actions to be better understood.  In addition, a few of the characters make a serious turn in development as they accept the inevitability of events, that they must change in order to survive and be on the side of righteousness.  Like Goblet of Fire, Order of the Phoenix features the death of a beloved character that is totally unexpected and will bring a tear to the eye of any avid reader, so parents should once again be cautioned.
 I love this Kindle in motion illustrated edition! It is a perfect fit for the Harry Potter series. I purchased this to use as a read aloud for my students and I plan to project the book and the illustrations as I read. I can't wait to see their reaction when the images start to move. My one criticism of this format is that there is no way in the Kindle app (as far as I can tell) that allows you to display or see two pages side by side. This seems like a silly request since you can only READ one page at a time, but the illustrations often spread across two pages, and only being able to see have the illustration at a time kind of sucks some of the "magic" away.
 This book is beautiful! My 6 year old has recently gotten interested in Harry Potter. Her uncle gave her the entire collection of books for her birthday. She seemed a little disappointed at lack of illustrations. I can't wait until Easter for her to see this!!!
 Sorcerer's Stone came on the scene when I was 11. I was not permitted to read the books at that age. But  I've heard all the wonderful reviews and listened to all the love people had for Harry. My best friend introduced me to Harry Potter's​ world by watching the movies. She would pause the movie and tell me how scenes really went in the book. So I decided that once we made it through the movies I would start reading the first book. Great decision if you ask me. Great story telling. It felt like anyone of any age could read it and not be overwhelmed or bored!!! I highly recommend to anyone that hasn't jumped this vivid world created by J.K. Rowling to get reading!!!
 These illustrations are wonderful. My daughter is under 10 years old and we are reading the series together for the first time. The illustrations are making it so magical and they are so well done. We will be purchasing them all as they are released. Over sized book with pictures your child will love.
 This book is absolutely gorgeous.  Even owning all 7 HP books (from when they were first published), I plan to get all 7 of these as they come out.  There are a LOT of illustrations on what feels like every other page.  These are the ones I plan to read to my kids.  I just can't recommend this enough.
 I've read a couple of the Harry Potters series and enjoyed them. This was obviously the first in the series, and was excellent. It kept my interest throughout. Rowling has a wonderful imagination and I would love to know where her characters come from, in her world.  I am not a child or teenager. I'm an 81 year old great grandmother and I enjoy these books as much as my 8 year old super smart great grandson.
 There are four Harry Potter books that were written before the order of the Phoenix, which I thoroughly enjoyed reading, but I was skeptical about reading the Order of the Phoenix, due to its length. Usually it's hard for an author to keep a series interesting as it progresses, but J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series actually gets better with each story. The Order of the Phoenix is well written and is definitely a page turner
 My granddaughter is dyslexic and cannot find any books of interest at her reading level for her age.  So, we co-read all of her books that she is to be reading for school.  This is the one we chose this month.  I had a copy that I bought at a garage sale for her to read, and I bought myself a copy for my Kindle!  Really helps my baby find something that she's interested in reading!!!
 I bought this for my 5 year old son who just discovered Harry Potter. He was struggling to stay focused while reading the original book with no pictures. Having the illustrations helps him stay quiet while I'm reading to him. Beautiful quality binding! This will stay in our house for a long time!
 Okay, so I have to admit two things: one, I'm fast approaching 40 and  don't have any children; two, I read this book just to see what all the  fuss was about; three, I loved it.<br/><br/>I'd heard of Harry Potter of  course, but didn't think much of it until all the fuss over the fourth  book. People I work with began telling me I should read it and they were  right.  The book reminded me of the works of Roald Dahl.  I don't think  small children should read it alone, but that makes it perfect for reading  together.  I really enjoyed the interplay of the three main characters - I  thought it was cool that they were at once simple enough for children to  understand and complex enough for adults to find interesting  too.<br/><br/>There are plenty of reviews which divulge part of the story, so  I won't waste your time with a plot synopsis other than to say that I  watched Silence of the Lambs with very few surprises, guessed the secret of  Sixth Sense fifteen minutes into the movie, and got surprised by the ending  of this book.  I really enjoyed this book and I can't wait to get the next  three (two of which are currently on back-order - hazards of being a  bandwagon fan I guess).
 I'm over 30 and I LOVE Harry Potter! These books are just wonderful, every one of them kept me engrossed and surprised right up to the end. Just when I thought I had it figured out, the story would take a turn and I'd be wondering what would happen next again. Beautifully written, and great,  complex characters!<br/>As for some of the criticisms, well, makes you  wonder if the same people would give 1 star to the Hobbit, Narnia, and the  Wizard of Oz books, classics that include quite a bit of magic and  wizardry. All of these books have death in them as well, sometimes featured  quite prominently, but I would certainly consider them great children's  books regardless. Harry Potter is certainly in the same vein as these.<br/>As for saying it's unrealistic, HELLO!  It's fantasy!  It's not  *supposed* to be completely realistic. Again, I would consider the Lord of  the Rings one of the great books of our time, but you could say it was  unrealistic too, with all the elves and dwarves and wizards. But that  doesn't mean it doesn't draw you into that other world and make you imagine  what it would be like. The characters become real people to you and that's  what makes it great.
 As many people do, I love Harry Potter and therefore I am totally okay in owning different versions/ formats of the same book because this series is special. The Illustrations in this book are beautiful and magical and makes reading the story a whole new experience.
 As a Harry Potter fan, I bought myself the book, and it's AMAZING. The artwork is INCREDIBLE, and it is laid out in a beautiful, easy to read and share way. This is the book I'll use to introduce my kids to the HP world. Definitely buying the rest of the books as they come out.
 The illustrations are absolutely beautiful. It's such an interesting experience to view yet another person's interpretation of what the books look like inside their heads. I bought an extra copy for my niece's and they love it just as much. It is an easier way for youngsters to read the books, and a fun way for adults to enjoy the series all over again. Can't wait for the next one!
 My first impression after reading the book was how similar it was to the Star Wars movies when they first came out. Everyone anxiously awaited The Empire Strikes Back, but as the bad guys seemed more powerful and kept the  heroes on the run throughout, many fans were disappointed. THE GOBLET OF  FIRE is very similar, as Lord Voldemort returns to power and keeps all our  heroes struggling to keep up with him.<br/>THE GOBLET OF FIRE, as promised by  J. K. Rowling, is a much darker story than the first 3 books. There's lots  of action throughout, as we follow Harry to the World Quidditch Cup in  August and then to Hogwarts for the school year and the first Triwizard  Tournament in ages. Due to the high death toll in previous tournaments,  they had been discontinued, so everyone is a bit apprehensive. Students  from 2 other wizardry schools in Europe have been invited to participate,  and only the most senior students (17 years old) may enter their names into  the Goblet of Fire. The Goblet selects one student from each of the 3  schools as entrants, so imagine everyone's surprise when a  4th person is  selected--Harry! But who placed his name in the Goblet of Fire? Danger  abounds in every tournament event.<br/>We see our old friends and meet many  new characters. As always, the people in Harry's world are well drawn and  very interesting. I would have liked to see more day-to-day life at  Hogwarts, as that has always been the most fun for me. In spite of running  over the entire year, we see very little of classes as the book  concentrates more on the tournament. The book ends after the tournament is  over, but don't expect a nice resolution to the story. The characters are  busy planning avenues of attack against Lord Voldemort, which sets things  up for Book 5. Be sure to read these books in order, as each builds on the  previous.
 Wow I am so happy I found this book. I have all the paperbacks but the illustrations in this book are mind-blowing! Amazon beats any in store price I've seen. I'm so excited to collect these. FYI one book is released every October. Sorcerer's Stone was released 2015, Chamber of Secrets 2016, so Deathly Hallows should come out October 2021.
 Well-made book and good price. Large Print Type is 16 point sarif font. We will have to see if this is big enough for my legally-blind son. He may need magnifiers even for this, but easier than the standard print that’s more like Times New Roman 12
 We love the beautiful artwork that is interspersed on every page of this book. We've bought 3 of these - 1 for ourselves and 2 as gifts. Every person who has seen them are blown away by how gorgeous they are. Can't wait for the entire series to be put out!
 More brilliant, albeit simple, writing from Rowling.  By simple meaning it's not pretentiously overwritten like many of the books that NPR likes to highlight, but not simple like a meaningless romance novel or other such  trite entertainment.  Although I am an adult, I love these books, and can  read them over and over, especially this one, which is very true to the  style formed in the first book, but also different in that the plot writing  is not stuck in a formulaic system like some book series can get into,  especially many children's books series. If I were a small child, this is  absolutely what I would be looking for, and what I did look for as a child  - I read Asimov's Three Adventurers, Encyclopedia Brown, and other  challenging, brain-based children's fiction that also have the great  adventure and children-getting-the-upper-hand-over-the-adults scenarios  that can make a child feel less helpless, and give one some hope.  Harry  Potter has all that, and has a lot of it.  I can't recommend the series  enough, for adults and for youth.  I am so happy that for once a super  popular book is actually something that is well-written and not an insult  to the intelligence and one's aesthetic sensability - I am so amazed at  this, because so few people seem to ever exhibit any intelligence or  aesthetic sensibility, that the cynic in me would assume that this series  would have failed on the first book for being not-stupid-enough for the  mass audience.  Thank God something clicked in people's heads that they are  willing to explore and challenge themselves a little bit more beyond  insipid love stories and pointless and poorly written action/adventure  books.<br/>Three cheers for Harry Potter!
 Beautiful and fun to read. Illustrations differ slightly from movies but doesn't matter.. it isn't so much that you feel it's awkward. I bought the Chamber of Secrets too, and Prisoner of Azkaban is on order. I just hate waiting until October for it. And even more so for the future books! Almost wish I discovered them after they were all done... then it could get them all and sit down and do a full reread of the series with all the books. Now I am torn between reading Azkaban on old book or wait... get it. You won't regret it. Just fabulous.
 Like any first book of a series it usually is the hardest to get into, due to the fact that you know little to nothing about the book. This was the hardest book to read of the series, even after seeing the movie and then reading the book. But it is not the best book of the series but I can't say it is the worst either. I don't think any of the books can be labled 'worst'. This book and the second book hold unique places within the series, for everything is being build on these two and the ball starts rolling in the third book (The best of the series, along with the Goblet of Fire), the ball is rolling and we know the characters and we know what to expect at times, but at the sametime she keeps up suspensful as to what really is going to happen and keeps us in the dark about the next book.<br/><br/>This book is an introduction to the characters, like meeting anyone for the first time it takes a little while to get acquainted, this is why I think book three is the best, we are fully acquainted and they are good friends.<br/><br/>But nonetheless, this is a good book and better to read the second time.
 This long-awaited book was snatched up by kids and parents all around the country.  Some of you may think the excitement was a little overrated.  You won't if you read the book.  This book was as good as the first ones, if  not better.  Although the book is a little deeper and darker than the other  ones, it is still just as light and airy as ever, but the author uses some  of the extra pages (nearly 300 more than the third one) to explore the  characters personalitites better.  We get to know them better and we also  have some new characters introduced to us.  We learn more about  He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named (Voldemort) and his reign of terror.  The book  never lags in interest as we watch the characters progress.<br/>Harry  wants to get away from the pernicious Dursleys and go to the International  Quidditch Cup with Hermione, Ron, and the Weasleys.  He wants to dream  about Cho Chang, his crush (and maybe do more than dream).  He wants to  find out about the mysterious event that's supposed to take place at  Hogwarts this year, an event involving two other rival schools of magic and  a competition that hasn't happened for a hundred years.  He wants to be a  normal, fourteen-year-old wizard.  Unfortunately for Harry Potter, he's not  normal--even by wizarding standards.  And in this case, different can be  deadly.<br/>From the mysterious beginning, to the fast-paced middle, to the  hanging end, this book is every bit as good and has as many twists and  revelations as the first three.  In fact, it only leaves you wanting one  thing:  the fifth one right at hand to start the second you finish this  one.
 The book is already a brilliant, marvelous adventure.  Here, we have accompanying images to delight fans of all ages.  I am 35 and still marveled at how some of the pictures moved.  (Between that, the price and space constraint is why I will be buying all these illustrated editions through kindle.)
 Absolutely beautiful illustrations to go with my favorite book in the Harry Potter series.  I love the way that Jim Kay has brought some of my favorite scenes to life in such a colorful and vivid way.  Can't wait for the next book to come out!
 This book has fantastic art work and bright colors. The book came a little damaged because of the way it was shipped, again no protection in this box. It's not as bad or as noticeable as the other HP book I ordered here. The print is a pretty good size I agree with one reviewer, it is large enough for younger readers picking up the series for the first time. This is definitely a classic.<br/><br/>As for these illustrated novels it looks as if each of the books will be released one at a time every year in October. I look forward to that. My nine year old son just started reading these books and he is now on book two. He is more excited about reading the illustrated versions instead of his regular paperback chapter book version now. I don't mind him wanting to read my new hard copy illustrated versions as long as he keeps reading and keeps my books looking clean.<br/><br/>This book is a little thicker than the second book of course. My daughter calls this book the dictionary. Ha ha funny. I recommend this book to any HP collector and fan.
 I like the Harry Potter series and I have enjoyed reading all of them, and I think "The Goblet of Fire" is an excellent addition to the series.  This is not children's literature on the level of "Alice in  Wonderland," but then, what modern child could possibly read and  understand this now-classic today?  The nice thing about Harry Potter books  is that they are full of excellent and amusing details: the quirks of the  professors at Hogwarts, the array of sweets that explode or surprise, the  range of good and evil in the characters...all of whom are better defined  than Harry himself.  The fight between good and evil (evil may come close,  but we are comforted in knowing that good will eventually prevail) is  exciting and helps to move the action along in between discursive bits on  classwork in Potions or the History of Magic, but the books, this one  especially, lack a hero.  Harry Potter is more a collection of facts (scar,  parents' deaths, awful family, green eyes, etc) than a real person who, put  to the test and tried, triumphs for reasons of character.  Harry isn't a  hero, he isn't even as interesting as most of the other young wizards he  knows, and certainly not as interesting as the grown-ups.  "The Goblet  of Fire" has a REAL hero, however: Cedric Diggory.  He seems to embody  all the admirable traits that Harry is credited with.  I look forward to  the next installment of this series, and I also look forward to the  characters' growth as they grow older and as the plot thickens (as it  certainly has) and they rise to meet the challenges of good and evil,  everyday and extra-ordinary.
 I studied Spanish in college many (I mean many) years ago and have been trying to relearn the language.  I remember the basic grammar but my vocabulary is pretty weak.  I decide to read Spanish books geared for young adults and found the entire Harry Potter series (I made it through the first 4 so far) to be truly enjoyable reading.<br/><br/>Of the four I read, this and the second (Chamber of Secrets), were the lightest and the easiest reading.  The third (Prisoner of Askaban)and especially the fourth (Goblet of Fire)increased in length and my speed in Spanish is pretty slow, so they took longer to read.  The fifth (Order of the Phoenix) and six (Half Blooded Prince) are about 900 pages so I am pretty intimidated to tackle them in Spanish.  I will read them in English and move on to some other Spanish books.<br/><br/>After reading these I viewed the DVD's of the films.  They have the audio track in Spanish so you can train your ear, too.<br/><br/>The books follow the English versions almost exactly, so you can have a copy of it around to refer to if you find yourself confused about a certain phrase or sentence.
 This is an amazing new edition and a must for any Harry Potter fan's collection. I already own the complete series in hardback, but I will definitely be buying each of these new illustrated editions as they come out. The incorporation of the illustrations with the text is wonderfully well done. Some illustrations take up a full page on their own, but the majority are incorporated into layouts with the text. And even on pages that don't contain illustrations, there are "ink marks" and "water spots" that make it so no page is completely white. The text is displayed in 2 columns per page, and is nice point size for reading at. The book is a bit larger than normal, making it a perfect coffee table or display book. Although it has more pages than the hardback edition of Sorcerer's Stone, it is not too much thicker. I'm interested to see how large the later books end up being! I have not yet sat down to re-read the story with the illustrations, but have greatly enjoyed just leafing through the book and discovering all the new illustrations. Jim Kay has done a wonderful job with these and they truly help bring the story of the boy wizard to life in a new way. I love that he was able to get away from how the movies depicted things to be and come up with his own version. I especially love his depiction of Hogwarts, I wish I could have it as a print to hang on my wall! I can't wait for the next Illustrated Edition to come out next fall so I can add that to my collection as well.
 My Early Birthday Present!!  My Favorite Book Series!  This is The First Fully Illustrated Edition Of Harry Potter.  Drawn by Artist Jim Kay.  This is a Big Heavy Coffee Table Sized Book.  I can't Express Enough how Beautiful the Few Illustrations that I have Glanced at are!  Truly an Artwork!  I can't wait to see the Rest of The Book After my Hands stop Sweating! ''<br/>And it was packed with shine bubble packs on the back cover.  Would have preferred the front cover protected.  But all is well!  Only slightly tacked together on the page where the bookmark was and that was at the very top of page.  No big deal.  If this is a preclude to the other books; then my friends, we are in for a Truly special Treat!
 Exceeds expectations. Brand new sealed in its plastic. Information on the house &amp; a short quiz in the back was unexpected! Very happy I choose the ravenclaw edition instead of the other 20th anniversary edition! Ravenclaw pride!!💙I will definitely be passing this story on to my children, glad I have such a lovely edition to do so💓☇
 It took me a long time to choose reading this first Harry Potter book. My primary hesitation was that it is a children’s book and I wasn't sure if I wanted to invest the time. I was also concerned about all the attention to its’ occult references.<br/>Having finished reading it, I can honestly say that this is a really sweet, compelling story and a pleasant read. Rowling has done a fine job of building a story in the Roald Dahl mode. You know where “certain” adults are simply irredeemably cruel, countered by a truly innocent character. In this case, an innocent Harry Potter is counterbalanced against his cruel Aunt, Uncle and cousin.<br/>As I said, like Dahl’s characters, Harry is simply a victim of circumstances but his true character is intact, strong and courageous. There is a confidence about him that seems to give him strength. Like all escapist fantasy, this story just seems to strike a common chord with so many people. I liked it a great deal. Additionally, I think the author does a really good job of introducing us to this otherworldly place of wizards and witches since Harry learns along with us.<br/>That being said, and as a Christian, I found constant references to witchcraft, spells and dark magic to be really bothersome. I can accept it as a plot device for the foundation of a fantasy book. The witchcraft and wizardry in this book is similar to that made-for-television witchcraft, in so much that some people have inherited magic genetically while others do not in the variety of Darren and Samantha Stevens. This sort of witchcraft simply doesn’t exist in reality. Real witchcraft is dark and sad. I am concerned that undiscerning kids would take their fascination with the story and explore the real thing.<br/>With all that in mind, I would have loved this series when I was a kid. I’ll allow my children to read it when they can discern (they’re too young to read now anyway). I would suggest that parents read it too. I think it's important to be involved in your kids’ activities and this is certainly a very quick read.<br/>People who criticize this series for occult content based on presuppositions without reading it should be ashamed. It is a good piece of work and not worth the negative attention. Though Rowling is probably experiencing the truth of the phrase, “There is no such thing as bad publicity.” I’ll look forward to the movies.
 It's hard to believe there is anyone out there who is not familiar with Harry Potter and how outstanding a writer is J.K. Rowling.  Enough said.  Read these books if you haven't.  I just read the first one and could not put it down.  Every bit as good as the movie, with a little more detail.
 This is a beautiful beautiful book. My only regret is that I have to wait every time they are able to publish a new one. I intend to order the entire series that is Illustrated. The illustrations are exceptional for this wonderful wonderful book.
 The cover is in okay condition.  Pages inside in great condition. Has all pages as far as I know (haven't managed a full thorough reading just yet). There was a sticky residue on the cover but was easily removed. This is a great book and definitely worth buying.
 What a terrific book! Rowling delivers once again.  There is so much that I like about this book, I dont' know where to start.<br/>First, lets start with a mini review.  As the book opens, Harry is heading off the the Quidditch World Cup. Ofcourse, when he's there, something happens, and it's lead to believe that he-who-musn't-be-named will show up soon.  As Harry gets set for his 4th year at Hogwarts, he soon learns that Quidditch will not be played this year. Instead a new contest will be held, Triwizards Tournament". This is when a couple of Wizards Schools meet (at Hogwarts this year) and one from each School is picked by the "Goblet of Fire". Harry is to young to be entered, but that last name that the "Goblet of Fire" spits out is our favorite wizard, Harry Potter.  Now who could have put in Potter's name? Was it Snape? Skeeter  Could he do that? You'll have to read to find out.<br/>I liked the character of Moody. What a great character.  I also have been impressed with Herminoe.  She is my favorite character.<br/>What I like is how all of the books flow into each other and how they all srring board off each other.  This book is a bit darker than the rest. What makes this darker is that fact that there is a murder. This isn't spoiling anything, Rowling made this known before the book came out.<br/>What also draws me to the series that that we get to know more and more about each of the characters as the books come out.<br/>I highly suggest that you read this book.  Rowling has a genius mind, and it can easily be seen.
 My copy of Order of the Phoenix arrived yeseterday and I spent the entire night reading it. It's a fantastic book. While some readers may be put off by the darker tone of the book (and by Harry's behavior, which at times is atrocious) it's obvious to me that J.K. Rowling really remembers what it was like to be a teenager and how incredibly painful growing up could be at times.<br/>In book 5 we get to see life inside of the Ministry of Magic and St. Mungo's hospital, and we learn more about the darker side of the world of wizardry that Harry inhabits, not just the evil of Voldemort and the Death Eaters, but the stupidity and prejudices of the wizarding community. Harry learns more about Neville Longbottom's parents and meets new wizards and some old (including the real Alastor Moody). I don't want to go into more detail as it might spoil things for those who haven't read the book yet.<br/>Again I say that the book was well worth the three year wait, although it's kind of depressing to think that if this is the norm for the next two books that we won't see the end of the series until 2009.
 I'm late to the Harry Potter party, but I guess it's better late than never. I bought a used copy to read to my kids at bedtime, and we all loved it. The writing is sharp and funny, and had us laughing out loud. Harry Potter's wizard world was so beautifully described, it seemed more real than our own lives, at times. I can see why this was such a big deal when it came out almost 20 years ago -- it's a great book, especially for the middle grade set. Glad we finally got on board the Hogwarts Express!
 Simply sumptuous!
 I loved the previous illustrated versions of Harry Potter, and this one did not disappoint. I also love that they're the British versions of the text - it's fun to find things that were different from the American versions I read growing up. Great for sharing these stories with my kids!
 I love everything about this book. The story is already near and dear to my heart. The art work is absolutely  stunning. I've already flipped through it page by page and know that when I have children I will read Harry Potter to them with this book. Can't wait to collect the others
 Anyone who has been alive in the past twenty should have an idea of the wonder and magic of the Harry Potter series of books. They are wonderful and entertaining and it is my pleasure to enter the world of Harry Potter again. I will be sad when I'm done.
 I have read and been a fan of the Harry Potter series for a while now and purchased this illustrated version for my young niece as a Christmas gift to introduce her to the series. Unfortunately, the cover was poorly printed. The artwork is fine, but the text is not properly aligned with shadow behind it. In addition to this, the cover is damaged on the back side as though it were poorly folded. I have yet to notice any issue with the inside of the book. It appears as though all the pages are printed properly and the illustrations are beautiful. It's a shame about the cover, otherwise this would have easily been five stars.
 I love everything about this! My wife and I already own all the books and have the audiobooks by Fry, but I will still purchase these animated books as they continue to be released (though I admit I wish the animated books would be released closer to the illustrated ones  we've also got all three of those so far]).
 I am very impressed with the animated illustrations in this version of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  Colors of the illustrations in the book are quite vivid and definitely enhance the story.  I look forward to purchasing other animated books like this.
 Well I have read this series numerous times and it still hasn't gotten old. I have the actual books but I also purchased them to be on my kindle as well. This is a fun and exciting story of kids attending a wizard school and all the adventures they have together. Love it! ❤️
 All the illustrated HP books are beautiful.  My son prefers reading these, as he is eight, and the visuals help to provide additional clarity in the storyline.  They are very heavy so he keeps this book in his bed for nighttime reading.
 I resisted reading this book for a long time, thinking that it would be 'too childish' to hold my interest. Then, one night back in 2007, I happened to be at my local Barnes &amp; Noble during the midnight release party for Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows, the last book in the series. Seeing the enthusiasm of all the fans gathered there (some of whom were in full costume) made me curious, so I wended my way through the crowd (in the process wondering what "The Sorting Hat" was all about) and approached the first free cashier I could find, the first book in my hands. I was suddenly eager to discover what all the fuss was about!<br/><br/>Well, as they say, the rest is history. I not only promptly devoured Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, but began acquiring, and also devouring, the sequels. I only stopped in the middle of the sixth book, when a very sad event made me unable to continue....but I hope to be able to go back and finish the series!<br/><br/>I picked up the first book the other day, and plunged into Harry's magical world once again. Once again, I was totally delighted and enthralled! Rowling's very fertile imagination seems to have no bounds; all the books in this series are full of magical events, as well as twists and turns, and one just never knows exactly what is going to happen next.<br/><br/>Rowling also has the uncanny ability to make her characters, as well as the magical world around them, seem so real! From the very first moment, the reader becomes immersed in this very quirky, wonderfully weird world, where nothing is as it seems, unexpected surprises await, and household chores can be accomplished by the mere wave of a wand (something I positively loved).<br/><br/>Harry, Hermione, and Ron are wonderful characters, and it's not the first time I have wished I had grown up with friends like them. It's great how well they mesh, too, especially since, at first, Harry and Ron constantly found Hermione so annoying.<br/><br/>Harry, of course, is the main hero. He starts out life with the odds stacked against him, what with his sad personal history, and "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named" wanting to kill him. In spite of it all, Harry remains courageous, and will not let his curiosity, innate optimism, and eagerness to learn magic be dampened by outward events.<br/><br/>Hermione could have been the main hero of this whole series, because she not only matches Harry (and her name is the female version of his) in all his great qualities, but is also willing to take that extra step to find out more. Books are very important to her, and I really liked her for that! She is also very thorough in her research, and has an excellent memory. Besides, she can really think on her feet.<br/><br/>As for Ron, he is that friend who remains steadfastly by your side, through thick and thin. He's funny, as well, and willing to attempt any adventure, despite his fears. Besides, he's an excellent chess player -- even beating his two friends at the game. In this first book, his chess-playing skills become extremely important in preventing a great catastrophe.<br/><br/>Then there's Hagrid....sweet, lovable, gentle Hagrid, who has a soft spot for creatures great and small, and loves Harry like a father, or perhaps a big, bumbling brother. He's pretty much like a giant teddy bear, and I SO wish I could hug him! He's had some rough times himself, but still remains as positive as he can possibly be. And, most important of all, Dumbledore, the Hogwarts Headmaster, trusts him completely.<br/><br/>Dumbledore is another of my favorite characters, but I won't say much about him because he plays a greater role later on in the series. What I did get to see of him, though, during both my first and second readings of this book, made me like him a great deal! He is definitely a father figure to Harry -- always wise, patient, and willing to give Harry the benefit of the doubt.<br/><br/>There were other great, more minor characters, as well, such as Professor McGonagall, who is really a very fair-minded person, despite her stern exterior, Quirrell, the stuttering professor, the funny Weasley clan, especially the mischievous twins, Fred and George, and Neville, poor, shy Neville, who is constantly losing his pet toad....<br/><br/>Then there's one character who is almost in a league by himself, and a rather hateful one, too: Severus Snape. Alan Rickman plays him superbly in all the movies. He gets the character's oily manner (his hair is even greasy) and incomprehensible attitude toward Harry just right. Rickman made it extremely easy for this reader to despise Snape! Even before I met him on the screen, though, Rowling had already succeeded in making me hate him.<br/><br/>Another character I love to hate is Draco Malfoy, Harry's personal nemesis. I'm surprised he isn't related to Snape, because he can be just as spiteful and horrible to Harry.<br/><br/>Amidst all of the typical boarding school activities and classes with such interesting names as "Potions", "Charms", "Transfiguration", and "Defense Against the Dark Arts", the three friends become very adept at amateur sleuthing, and uncover a secret at Hogwarts, one that students are not supposed to know about....<br/><br/>Of course, there had to be time for sports, as well, and I soon discovered that the magical world's version of soccer -- or is it a strange combination of soccer and basketball? -- with the delightfully odd name of "Quidditch", was not only great fun, but had elements of danger, as well, especially when a certain evil wizard nearly took one of the most important players out of the picture....<br/><br/>Rowling manages all the elements of her plot with great skill, leading her readers along the path toward the exciting, final discovery of the school's secret through tight writing, with not a word to spare.<br/><br/>I especially liked Dumbledore's final words to Harry. It was the power of love, he told the young wizard, that won the day. Some readers might criticize this as 'cheesy', but I thought it was altogether fitting to the story, considering Harry's background.<br/><br/>This is such a terrific story! No wonder it's loved the whole world over, by readers of all ages! This book definitely deserves all the praise it has garnered, and more. I know that I will want to read it many more times in the future! And of course, I will also want to watch the movie just as many times!
 _Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire_ gripped me from the opening scene at the Riddle House (like so many of Rowling's creations, very aptly named) to the end-of-year parting at King's Cross Station.  Though the book's length  may give rise to caution among those wary of sequels, J.K. Rowling has by  no means succumbed to the diarrhea of the pen too often found in writers of  multiple bestsellers.  Like the previous three Harry books, "The  Goblet of Fire" is well paced and tautly structured.  It really does  require all 734 pages of the American edition to tell the whole intricate  story, or rather, as much of the story as the author will reveal at this  time.<br/>In book four, Rowling (intentionally or not) gives a nod to many  questions large and small posed by her fans.  We learn who does the cooking  and cleaning at Hogwarts, what happened to Neville Longbottom's parents,  how to pronounce "Hermione," where other schools of magic may be  found, and what Dumbledore can really be like when he's angry.  We learn  more about Hagrid, the Malfoys, and Snape (one of the most interesting  developments is a hint that Snape's relationship with Harry may undergo a  change for the better in the future).  Along with Harry, Ron, and Hermione,  we learn of hexes and curses and defenses against the Dark Arts.  And  always, Rowling manages to weave together the least details and most  seemingly unrelated subplots into a whole that is cohesive, uncontrived,  and satisfying - though leaving the reader wanting much more.  At about  page 600 I found myself very sorry that there were only 100-some pages to  go, because I knew that this would be all I would have until book five.  I  haven't felt that way about a book since hearing Sam Gamgee say "Well,  I'm back," and wishing I could keep following him, Frodo, and their  friends through more adventures in Middle-earth.<br/>The much-discussed first  forays into romance for the leading characters are lightly and deftly  handled, and while important are certainly not a main focus of the book.  The effect of the romance subplots is to show how Harry, Ron, and Hermione  are growing up and beginning to see themselves and one another in new ways.  Along with romantic yearnings, they begin to exhibit other changes: Ron  becomes edgier and more outspoken, Hermione learns to shrug off ridicule  and be less rule-bound, and Harry continues to develop the bravery and  valor of his parents - and of his House's founder, Godric  Gryffindor.<br/>Harry's biggest challenges so far, not surprisingly, come in  this book.  Instead of flying in Quidditch matches, he is involved in an  important year-long event that has temporarily superseded Quidditch at  Hogwarts.  The challenges he overcomes in the course of this event form the  core of the book.  Woven into the story are Lord Voldemort and his  servants, and their attempts to bring He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named back to full  life and power.  Mysterious disappearances and even a death or two in  "The Goblet of Fire" have, as in any good mystery story, more  than one plausible suspect; and, as with any good mystery story, the  solution ultimately eluded my several attempts at deductive reasoning -  though the clues are present.<br/>Death casts a shadow over book four,  particularly in the final chapters, where the usually boisterous  end-of-year banquet is quite somber and the conclusion of the special  year-long event is robbed of its triumph.  But as Rowling told The Times,  "if you really are honestly going to examine evil actions then you  have a moral obligation not to fudge the issue."  Her handling of  murder in this book is sensitive and not, I think, likely to engender  nightmares in young readers; as Rowling promised, it is "upsetting but  not damaging."<br/>I can't say the book was completely perfect.  Some  minor flaws exist: Harry innocently poses a question to which he should  well know the answer from a previous book; he convenient overlooks a  recently-learned spell that could easily resolve a certain difficulty; he  witnesses a magical effect in which the results come somewhat out of order.  In addition to noting these minor errors, I was a bit dissatisfied with  the way the ending of the year-long event was handled - I would have liked  a bit more pomp and ceremony and a bit more official attention to the  tragedy of the death that occurs.  However, I can see why Rowling ends the  year at Hogwarts on a quieter note than usual.  One very good result of  this is that Harry is given time and space to recover from his ordeals,  which is a refreshing change from the usual adventure series in which the  hero bounces from crisis to crisis with no time to absorb, reflect, or  grieve.<br/>Time and re-reading will certainly offer me new perspectives on  "The Goblet of Fire."  But meanwhile, I'm glad to say that this  is an excellent addition to the Harry Potter stories and one I will  certainly read again and again - while waiting eagerly for book five!  I  highly recommend this book and the preceding three to any child or adult  who enjoys great fantasy, mystery, and adventure.
 I never read the Harry Potter books before, we had only seen the movies and were curious to see how they line up with each other. While the movies are almost exactly like the book- the books give you extra depth that makes the movies all the better! So even if you know the story from seeing the movies, you will really love reading the book and then noticing all of the subtleties that are addressed in the book and then just casually happen in the movie. I really recommend it! We read the book and then when we got about half way in we watched the movie too! GREAT book- we ended up buying the whole set of them hardback a few weeks later!
 This is NOT a review of the content, just of this particular printing - not only is it shipped from the US but the European version (language is different), but it is missing several pages.  Another review alludes to this and the problem has not been fixed since I too am missing chapters 5,6 and part of 7. Yikes.
 This book is my favorite of all the series. It was such an escape from reality years ago when my mom bought it for me. Having Type 1 diabetes, I felt different, as no family member has every had it in history. It helped me not feel alone, and that something so heartbreaking makes you stronger. I realized that though I felt alone, having people accept you and love you, depletes it. JK Rowling is inspiring, and just wow. She's helped a lot of people love to read and help depressed human beings.
 J.K. Rowling has produced a great adolescent novel. While coming of age stories are staples of both quality and popular literature, modern "quality" ones tend to be painfully self-indulgent. A century or so ago, Mark Twain's Huck Finn had the sense to decide that freeing his friend Jim was more important than going to heaven and Dickens' Pip (_Great Expectations_) learned just how foolish had been his self-indulgent adolescence. The writers understood that purpose resides beyond the self. Then, around fifty years ago, critics became enamored with the likes of Holden Caulfield, and the self-indulgent study of adolescent ennui came into fashion.<br/>Granted, the readers receive a far deeper exploration of Holden Caulfield's psychological makeup than Twain or Dickens ever offered a reader, but we have paid a terrible price for this exploration. Authors and critics stepped forward to claim that solipsistic self-exploration was "what it's about," and few seemed ready to say, "Yes, this is what adolescence is like, but you've got to step out and take on the world even though the entirety of William James's 'blooming buzzing confusion' seems to be doing its blooming and its buzzing within the confines of your emotions."<br/>Can one experience the confusion of Holden Caulfield and yet set forth boldly as Huck Finn? Harry Potter tries, as the many of us who have not grown up to be self-indulgent agoraphobics have done exactly that. We've sorted through the world, discovered the faults and flaws of the outside world, come to terms with our own weaknesses, and occasionally saved the world (or some tiny little piece of it) in the process.<br/>Harry Potter is a real adolescent, writ large. He is a wizard; he has a Destiny; he is the hero of childhood fantasy. He is confused, impulsive, traumatized, and full of both anger at the world and self-doubt. In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry suffers all the deep pangs that are the fodder of modern literature yet manages to stand true to himself at the end. Harry has heart, and, as Dumbledore notes, that is what matters.<br/>In the Harry Potter books, Harry tends to create or force the final confrontations. Harry unintentionally cooperates with Voldemort again in this piece, propelled, as always by selflessness rather than malice. Harry may need Voldemort in order to discover what is within himself; Harry also feeds Voldemort as he presses ever greater challenges onto himself, leaving us to ask: is Harry responsible for Voldemort's increasing power and the consequences of these ever more violent confrontations? It is dangerous to act in a world where we posses only incomplete knowledge, but part of Harry�s appeal is that he does act, rather than retreating Hamlet-like into indecision.<br/>Harry also must discover that his finest role models are not perfect; this is another element of the adolescent rite of passage. Harry, always the underdog in the Muggle world and always the defender of the underdog in the world of wizardry, discovers something unsettling in the form of one of Snape's memories. The revelation explains much of Snape's animosity toward the Potters and Black, and offers Rowling's readers an uncomfortable window into the adolescent world. The more rambunctious behavior of Harry and his friends, throughout the books, has consistently appeared as either benign or justified. In our real world, the behavior of "good kids" is all too often neither. Rowling reminds us of the adolescent play that is scarring to all involved: victims, victimizers, and even those who would object but were powerless to do so. And she leaves Harry with the choices of justifying (improperly) his heroes' actions, rejecting his heroes, or accepting that even the best wizards have flaws.<br/>The new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher epitomizes the Dark Art of the Twentieth Century. Those of us who have lived through 1984 may see her as a figure of ultimate evil, one far more depraved than the merely malicious Voldemort. She is the bureaucrat, the agent of societal convenience and unquestioning obedience to authority. All who would argue with her are not merely wrong, they are misguided or deceitful obstacles to the Truth. Order is all, and Order derives only from unquestioned obedience to the rules as delineated by the State. Her methods of punishment are Kafkaesque; her aims include the destruction of independent thought. Question Nothing! It is basic nature for an adolescent to rebel against such a figure; what is difficult is efficacious rebellion, rather than pointless or self-destructive opposition. Can an adolescent learn when to fight and when to pretend acquiescence?<br/>Yes, this book is dark in tone, raw with the emotions of adolescence and with its external actions a perfect mirror to Harry's confused, angry young mind. In the world of childhood, tomorrow always dawns fresh and new; for an adult, tomorrow's dawn carries the consequences, for good or bad, of the night before. For an adolescent, the dawn is always painful as consequences are a fresh addition to the world, and last night's experiments in living were sure to have produced at least some undesired results. The lessons are intense, the learning rapid, but understanding may be long years away. The brightest thought, and Rowling lets us end with this thought, is that there are others who have felt the pain of adolescence, who have confronted the great human questions, and who have not only survived but have grown into strong, effective adults.<br/>Harry Potter may be letting a generation of kids know that one's life matters, even in its harshest, most confused periods. It should be letting a generation of critics know that there is more to adolescent self-discovery than simpering self-indulgence. This book suggests that Huck Finn can feel like Holden Caulfield on the inside, yet still behave as Huck Finn. It also suggests that there is no excuse for behaving like Holden Caulfield -- and I like that suggestion.
 I decided to read a few pages to see if it was something I would like since I got it free/on loan to read as a Prime member.  Once I started I couldn't put it down.  Fortunately it was one of my days off and I was able to finish it later that day.  I'm now in the process of reading the entire series.
 After reading the first book in this series in October 1998, I have been obsessed with Rowling's accounts of Harry Potter and his experiences at Hogwarts, a school for wizards and witches. Each book in the series  develops the characters more fully, and the plots increase in complexity.  The fourth book, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, achieves more complex  characterizations of Harry, Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, Dumbledore, Draco  Malfoy, and, of course, He Who Must Not Be Named.  The tone darkens  somewhat, and the evil ones begin to threaten more forcefully.  As did  Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, this novel contains several  sinister adults.  These evil ones continue to present Harry with  increasingly complicated tasks and challenges.  A sense of mystery pervades  the book. Can Harry continue to prevail over Voldemort?  Why does he have  to spend every summer with the Dursleys?  What does Dumbledore see as good  in Snape and Hagrid?  Will Harry develop romantic interests in young  witches at Hogwarts?  Just as Rowling had promised,  these issues are  addressed in this book, and many important questions are answered.  This  terrific author  spins this fourth tale skillfully, including the  delightful details that are characteristic of her wonderful style in the  first three novels.  Without a doubt, this book will please readers of  all ages.  The elements of a fantastic tale reside within the 734 pages of  this novel, and no reader will be disappointed in what Rowling  has crafted  in this book.  Now, how long must we wait for Harry Potter V?
 This is the third of the Harry Potter illustrated coffee table books and it's gorgeous! It's bigger than the first two and a bit harder to handle...but worth it for inarguably the best book of the series! I spotted this in a bookstore for nearly twice the price...go Amazon! A must for serious collectors and a great gift for tweens just discovering the magic!
 This rating is about the Kindle edition of this book.  I give it five stars for an excellent transfer to the Kindle.  First, if there were any typographical errors, I missed them.  Second, the graphics at the beginning of each chapter appear in the Kindle edition, and look great.  Finally, the book has an active table of contents, allowing me to jump to the chapter of my choice.<br/><br/>Since writing this review, I have read through the first five books on my Kindle.  My comments above apply to all five.<br/><br/>I read this book on both my Kindle and on my Android using the Kindle application.  My comments apply to both.<br/><br/>I also give the book, in any format, five stars for Ms. Rowling's clever use of existing legends and mythology in a highly entertaining story.
 I feel like a little kid in Christmas reading this thing. I’m a Harry Potter FREAK and this made the story just a little more magical. It was almost like reading it for the first time again. Highly recommend, especially for those with kids-a perfect bedtime chapter book!
 Purchased as a gift for my five year old niece. She can't read it alone, because she's still shaky on her reading skills, but she absolutely adored the art, and she can't wait to read it together. She brings it all over the place now, showing everyone her favorite new book. The art is beautiful and the book seems very sturdy.
 I was lucky enough to be in Britain at midnight, June 21/22, when every child and half the adults of Harry's native land appeared to be at bookstores grabbing HARRY POTTER AND THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX off the shelves.  Having a long series of train journeys that weekend, I finished its hefty 870 pages in under 36 hours.  As I did so, I imagined millions of readers just like me, unable to put the book down, delighted that Rowling's creative imagination continues to astonish, and that Harry's story yet again takes us into country we could hardly imagine.<br/>Harry's different almost from the first pages of this book - all those adolescent traumas we recall, the sense of rage and frustration at being treated like a child when the young adult demands attention, the worries about Voldemort and what appears to be a conspiracy to undermine Dumbledore and others fighting against him, his own insecurities, the stupidity of the Ministry of Magic which, ostrich-like, keeps its head in the sand and refuses to accept that the Wizarding World is once again in terrible danger.  Throughout, he must focus on "what to do with the rest of his life," with the upcoming O.W.L. examinations which lead inevitably to a grown-up career.  The 'good guys' (including Sirius, Mad-Eye Moody, Lupin, and several new characters) who belong to the "Order of the Phoenix" turn out to be both more and less than Harry had once believed.  Good and bad are now seen in shades of grey, not black and white.  Most importantly, Harry discovers something about his father that upsets him terribly, and although we know that the truth is not yet fully revealed, his sense of insecurity is palpable.  Hogwarts itself is taken over by those who will stifle the truth at any cost and Dumbledore seems powerless to stop it.  The split between fighting Voldemort and those denying he exists even strikes the Weasley family, and the book ends with a bitter and terrifying battle in which a major character is betrayed to Voldemort's never-ending efforts to destroy.  Yet with all the dangers, the book finds its own positive ending in which much has been lost, but the best remains.<br/>Amidst these serious challenges, Rowling's light-hearted imagination triumphs, full of wonderful images of bad-hearted house-elves, getting pesky doxies out of the curtains thanks to Gilderoy's Lockhart's "Guide to Household Pests," the final comeuppance of the infuriating Inquisitor, Dolores Jane Umbridge (one of the best villain-esses ever penned), career-announcements such as "HAVE YOU GOT WHAT IT TAKES TO TRAIN SECURUITY TROLLS?" and infinitely more.  Meanwhile, Harry learns that he can find sympathy even for Professor Snape and the Dursleys, while his true friendships are what will help him survive as we travel deeper into the perils of Voldemort. The Disillusionment Charm works both ways.<br/>While the humor and imagination is still triumphantly in evidence, HP5 continues Harry's journey into adulthood with sensitivity, understanding, humor, fright, change and loss. The boy who comes out of the book is still the Harry we love, but strengthened, older, and learning all the time.  Meanwhile, Voldemort is even more frightening and the challenges our heroes face are no longer those of childhood.<br/>As in all her books, Rowling shows an amazing sensitivity to the concerns of our young heroes in each stage of their Hogwarts life.  I can't believe Rowling pulled it off AGAIN (after all the doubts and the long wait) but she's as surely on the right track as ever, and now we must all wait with unbelievable impatience to see what Harry Does Next.
 My family has been fans of Harry Potter from the beginning. This beautifully illustrated edition of “The Sorcerer’s Stone is the complete first year of Harry Potter and the beginning of his adventures along. This also includes a snippet of Newt Scamander’s notes on dragons; as well as, a full page on types of dragon eggs and other pieces that make this a book worth having around.
 One of my favorite things about the Harry Potter books is how JK Rowling's writing builds over the course of the series. Her narrative voice starts strong in The Sorcerer's Stone, and just keeps getting better. I've read the whole series multiple times over, and it's something I'll always return to. It's just so cool to watch her writing grow right alongside her characters.
 Harry Potter is just an average boy.  Average...until he stops the most powerful dark wizard in a century in his tracks as a baby!  Since then, the name Harry Potter is known all through the wizarding world.  Harry Potter is famous for stopping Voldemort.  Harry's parents are killed by Voldemort, and Voldemort tried to kill Harry, but failed.  This is why Harry is Famous.  He's the hero who stopped the dark lord.<br/>  Harry then gets drop off at his Aunt's and Uncle's house by Albus Dumbledore.  Harry is less than famous at Privet Drive. In fact, he's close to being invisible in the Dursley household.  He never gets any mail, doesn't have any friends, and his life is pretty much miserable under the stairs where he lives.  All that chages when Harry gets a letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  Harry finds out that he is a wizard, and his parents were wizards (duh!).<br/>  And so, Harry goes to Hogwarts.  There, he makes some friends (and enemies).<br/>  A great read for both kids and aldults!
 While this book has certainly gotten more than it's fair share of reviews - I needed to add mine. I've read all the Harry Potter books and I loved number four. I brought the book with where ever I went and I have never  been stopped by so many strangers on the street to be asked about a book.  It seems as tho everyone wanted to know how the book was and if I had read  the previous three. I told everyone that still has an inner child to run  out and buy this book (as well as the first three).<br/>  JK Rowling  seems to be getting better with age and experience as does Harry. She has  really spread her wings in this installment of the Harry Potter series.<br/>  While the book begins exactly the same as the past three books - with Harry  stuck at the Dursley's for the summer and his friends the Weasley's must  rescue him so that he can go to the Quidditch world cup finals - readers  will be happily pleased with the rest of the book.<br/>  But this is  where the similarities stop and the real imagination begins. Without saying  too much - this novel is (obviously) longer than the previous three and  while most people were stunned at the start of the book - I think I can  safely say no one wanted it to end. I would have been happy with another  hundred pages. Things turn for Harry in number four - as he reaches  adolescences he has to deal with all the ups and downs it brings with it, a  first crush and a painful loss as well as taunting and trying to discover  who he really is.<br/>This once again a triumph for readers of all ages. So  sit down and enjoy the ride.
 I've been a fan of HP since quite some time and waiting for this book was not easy, although never an option.<br/>In this 5th installment of the series, we see a more deep, dark side of Harry. He's more angsty than before, and although not as noble in some levels, he is still noble and trying to do the right thing.<br/>Some reviewers bashed Harry's "arrogance" and angster, I, however see it differently.<br/>Harry is 15 now, he is a teenager, asn apparently some of the reviwers forgot what it means to be a teenager. Me, being 22, still remember how full of anger I was, to the point where not even I could stand myself. So for me Harry's behavior is more than understandable. And considering what he has been through, I would dare to say that he took many things rather well.<br/>In this book HP notices how things dont always work with what is right. How unfair the world can be, and how short life is. He faces death is a more personal level, and I have to agree with another reviwer that said that a particular death in the book was very much below the belt since Harry has gone through way too much to add a death that is simply heartbreaking.<br/>Ron and Hermione are their ususal self, but if they keep fighting I might smack them both in the head.<br/>A new character (one of many) is introduced. Her name is Luna "Loony" Lovegood. She is so adorable an so weird, but she is extremely likeable.<br/>Hagrid's bits in the book were quite boring, i must painfully admit. But Umbridge makes up for this seldom bits.<br/>Dumbledore's character is also more elaborated. We get to see another side of his, and a side that can be viewed as weak, but I only see it as human, which only adds to the list of reasons why Voldemort only fears Dumbledore.<br/>Overall the book was fantastic, but more depressive and sad, than any of the other. I have to agree with JK in why did she made it so dark and that is because as we grow older life starts to lose it's fairness and we start seeing things under a different light, just as Harry is learning to.<br/>Poor Harry his journey is still not over, and more diffucult than probably anyone I know including myself.
 I admit, when I finished Harry Potter and the Prisoner ofAzkaban, I had trouble imagining Rowling could top the book's twisted,inventive storyline or its blend of emotion and excitment.  I am happy to say I was mistaken.  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is everything the last book was and more.  It is long (700 + pages) but I could have read 500 more.  The story is a bit darker and more intense, but nothing out of the ordinary for Harry; the books are just progressing naturally.<br/>The plot line is even more complex than that of Azkaban (in the hands of a lesser writer, it would be unwieldy) but it ties up just as neatly as Azkaban and leaves just enough threads loose to force the reader to thought of inventing a time machine to travel foward to the release of the next book.  I don't want to give anything away, except to say that old friends return and nothing is what it seems (but you knew that... it is Harry's world!).<br/>If the books keep getting better, I will have to send Rowling a request- lend me some money, because I'm up so late reading your books, I can't make it to work (or classes).  P.S. I am 19, am I was very discouraged to discover I only have one friend at college who shares my love of this series.  Methinks I have some "converting" to do!
 I've waited a long time for this book and I wasn't disapponted. There are a lot of diffrent themes/subplots brought up in this book , so sometimes it feels like you're reading a bunch of short stories all at once. However the author keeps them nicely arranged (for the most part) and weaves it into one neat (and exciting) book.<br/>This book is all about revalations. Revelations into some of the character's pasts and personalities, revalations about the wizarding society as a whole, as well as revalations regarding some of the secrets.  Some of these you could see coming from miles away, but I'll bet that everyone who has been following these books will come away with at least one surprise. To say more would make this a spoiler review, which I don't want to do.<br/>A major theme of this book is also the elitism among the wizards and the borderline contempt/hatred they feel towards non wizards. I'm not just referring to muggles, but to ALL of the creatures encountered. Rowling goes heavily into this theme by describing some of the ill effects to the other groups that have been looked down on, especially the anger and contempt returned by those groups onto the people that mistreat them. I challenge any reader not to think about racism while they are reading those passages.<br/>Also very well done is Harry's teen angst. It's been half a lifetime ago since I was that age, but Rowling really brought back memories of the confusion with the opposite sex and the annoyance/anger you get when well meaning adults keep information from you or mollycoddling you. All of the secrecy leads to a tragic conclusion that will resonate strongly with young people. There is a healthy bit of "challenge authority" here (more so than the last books) which may have some adults coughing nervously (hem, hem), but will delight many youngsters.<br/>In short, its a more ambitious, more sophisticated read than the last one, but its still amazing and entertaining fun. Can't wait for book 6.
 This is a must-have for any Harry Potter fan, especially if they like books. Absolutely wonderful illustration! I purchased as a gift for my friend, and she loves it. I see where other reviews state the binding isn't very good; neither one of us has noticed any issue (yet?).
 I regret that it took so long for me to begin reading these books, but I'm glad to finally understand what all the fuss was about. There are valuable life lessons to be learned between the lines of this story. They're far more impactful when presented in this manner, no matter how young or old you happen to be.
 Now that my son has "come of age" and is ready to be introduced to the brilliant, wonderful imaginative wizarding world that J.K. Rowling created, I've been rereading the books with him and finding them (now that I'm reading them back-to-back rather than breathlessly waiting for the next book to be released) even more sophisticated, mature and thrilling than they were in my (very fond) memories. Each book matures along with Harry, and the humor and true emotion is always present and accounted for. This series is simply a modern classic that will continue to delight generations for years to come.
 When I got the Harry Potter book, my expectations for it were fairly high, considering the length of time it took Mrs. Rowling to write it. I was also ready to criticize, being a bit frustrated having waiting this long. But once I started the book, I could not stop.<br/>All 870 pages were thrilling, humorous and suspensful. The charaters develop so much in the fifth installment to the Harry Potter series. Since Harry's fourth year in Hogwarts, the Ministry refuses to believe that Harry's story about Voldemort arising is true, and try to convince the rest of the Magic population that it isn't true either.<br/>Harry and Dumbledore try all they can to pursuade people that the Ministry is wrong, and that they have to be prepared for You-Know-Who. But Professor Umbridge, the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher sent by the Ministry, is not letting them, by teaching in a different way. But Professor Umbridge is not only disliked by the students for her odd way in teaching, but by the other professors as well.<br/>As much as everyone would like to deny the fact that Voldemort is returning, there is still an orginization called The Order of the Phoenix which tries to get as much information as possible on Voldemort as possible, and try their best to look after Harry. But Harry's scar seems to be hurting more often, and this tiem Harry can feel what Voldemort himself is feeling.<br/>In this fun and suspensful book, you can go through the same journey as Harry and his friends go through, and realize different truths that Dumbledore will finally explain to Harry, that has lingered in his mind for the bast 15 years.
 It is a shame that Harry Potter is marketed primarily to children.  I'm 38 and after seeing the movie with my 5 and 9 year old daughters, decided to read the next book (Chamber of Secrets) in the series. Needless to say I got totally sucked in and by the end of the week had bought the entire series and read them all. My 9 year old is following suit but not getting through quite as fast.<br/>Although even the first book (Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone) was very good, I felt that each subsequent book got better. The Goblet of Fire was easily the best, the 700+ pages went in a flash and I was left with serious withdrawal symptoms.  I heard that Amazon.com had to hire 9,000 staff and Fedex reserved 100 planes just to ship the pre-orders on this book.  I'm sure that these numbers will double with the next book.<br/>Rowlings really knows how to write in a way that transports you into a magical world in your mind.  But despite the magicial setting, the human interactions and behaviour are realistic and easy to identify with.  I saw many parallels with my childhood experiences in boarding school in England.<br/>For those who have not read all the previous books, I would suggest that you read each book in the series in ther correct order since some of elements of the incredible ending twists in the earlier books are referred to in the later books.
 After having read all four Harry Potter books three times each I am going through withdrawal. I wish I didn't have to wait a year or more for the next book so I bought the two schoolbooks. Of all the books I have read as an adult I have found some of the greatest reading joy in Harry Potter. Those of us who grew up as nerds, unathletic, and/or non-cliquey people will feel at home at Hogwarts. Those readers who haven't will still love reading these books. As each book unfolded I saw parallels between the Hogwarts world and the Star Wars films. Both promote a sense of  a loner learning to thrive in a world where you are just a little bit (or maybe more than a little) different from everyone else. Harry is creative, intelligent, and interesting You will find yourself rooting him on as each book finds him confronting evil and I'm not going to spoil anything by saying any details! Don't skip these books because  you consider yourself a "grown-up" and too adult to read them.
 I got this for my cousin who loves Harry Potter. She wanted all of these big books now, so I got her this one and wow, it sure is big. But the pages are of amazing quality. Glossy and colorful. The corners were nice, sharp and unscathed when it arrived.
 Bought my first copy of this when my 14 year old was only an infant, and as I have no idea where it is now, bought this one for my 9 year old who devoured it in days.  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is the first book in the amazing series by JK Rowling chronicling the adventures and story of young Harry, a wizard brought up in the non-wizarding Muggle world.  He is learning of his past and being warned about enemies that he didn't even know existed in this book, also making friends that will stay with him and help him through the years to come.<br/><br/>PS - still waiting on my letter to Hogwarts
 This is a classic children's book that will endure the test of time. Mark my words. We are immediately drawn to Harry, Hermione, and Ron and the wonderful adult influences in their lives. Hagrid, the lovable giant that is every child's dream friend, wise Prof. Dumbledore, and stern Prof. McGonagall. I run the Harry Potter Book and Movie Clubs of NYC and am thrilled to see that a new generation of children are just as thrilled with the books as my first club members. Now they have a cover that they can call their own. Kazu Kibuishi has done a fantastic job. I'm enjoying this 10th reading almost as much as I did my first. Well done!
 These books are amazing. The illustrations are wonderful and even though I am an adult now I still enjoy looking at the pictures in this book. I just love the whole design, and I feel like these books will make any child enjoy reading. I really think this is a cool concept and can't wait to buy some more of these books!
 I read this book as a child and I loved the adventure this story takes you on. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is well written. JK Rowling does and excellent job in making you feel and understand the characters of the story and the reader really connects with Harry. My nephew was thrilled to receive this as a christmas gift.
 I love Harry Potter, I'm a loyal fan and I will never give less than 5 stars to one of the books in the series,  I did noticed that this book had less illustrations than the previous ones though.  Nonetheless,  it's a beautiful piece of art.
 Little disappointed. I don't like it when the seller doesn't state weather it has the dust jacket or not and its a long and hard guessing game to try and find one that does. Book had minor stains and dents on the cover but I expected that seeing as I was buying used. I bought all the hard cover books off of amazon of the Harry Potter series. Not a single one of the sellers stated that it was missing the dust jacket and 6 out of the 7 books came with them. Buyer beware if you want one with the dust jacket contact the seller and ask first.
 Probably my favorite so far of the Harry Potter series (1-4 anyway!), PoA allows the audience to gain insight (along with Harry!) on what happened when You Know Who killed Harry's parents. The dreaded dementors flock to Hogwarts to search for the escaped Sirius Black, and cause Harry lots of problems; dementors thrive on human emotions, and cause Harry to re-live the events leading up to his parents murder whenever they get near him. Despite this, they give Harry (and the audience) a chance to learn more about himself.<br/>Hermione is at her best in this book, overloading on classes, and stressing herself to bits. And if not for her, justice could not have been served!<br/>We see a more emotional Ron, when something comes between him and his beloved Scabbers.<br/>Quidditch! There's plenty of it in the PoA. I loved every minute of it!<br/>And lastly, Sirius Black. I really enjoyed getting to know his character. It was a relief to find out that Harry has a guardian and confidant he can contact if he ever has any problems. Lord knows the Dursleys won't help him!<br/>All in all, I found this book excellent--the characters all go through important developments, which will undoubtedly impact the following books. A superb effort by J.K. Rowling!
 Knowing what a slow reader I am, I took off work to read "The Order of the Phoenix" on my pre-set strick schedule which involved 2 hour naps and 20 minute dinner breaks.  Thanks to the momentum of this amazing tale, however, my schedule went by the wayside before Saturday was over, and I finished the book in half the time I had planned for (and slept there after).  This was the best book of the series.  After 3 long years, we finally get to see 15 year old Harry (with a 15 year olds hormones) deal with the return of Voldemort to full power, disappointment and frustration when his friends are given more responsibilities than him, and the guilt and anxiety of his responsibility to his real family, Sirius Black and the Weasleys.<br/>It is the worst book in the series for the emotionally unstable, like myself.  The death of a major player in this book, and the very dark themes of the dark magic and the temptations of power are devastating.  The death, in particular, is a hard blow for those of us who have trouble keeping in mind that these characters are fictional and that it is indeed, just a book.  I had to put it down several times and remind myself of that during particularly anxious or morose sections.<br/>There is nothing that Rowling could do to this book to make it bad.  After 4 books, Harry and his friends do feel like family, and it's not really a question of how good anymore, but how intense (and how long will we have to wait for the next installment).  However, this book really was an exceptional story.  Rowling has really captured the mind of a 15 year old boy with his insecurities, frustrations, and hormones.  Harry is more real than ever before and his judgement is more human.  He makes mistakes that are terribly costly and even though he learns his lessons, life doesn't just go back to being a beautiful magical wonderland.  He has to live with his mistakes from now on.  Those around him are more human too.  Even Dumbledore is shown to have faults that are very human and help lead to the disasters that are faced in this story, and no doubt in the future. A future that we wait with bated breathe to read.
 Hype aside, I expected a lot of this book.  I did not expect my expectations to be exceeded so spectacularly.  I expected, and planned, to spend a full day reading the book cover to cover.  I did not expect to spend that day so completely riveted that taking a break was not even an option.  The fifth Harry Potter book is deeper, richer and more complex than its four predecessors, but it  also flows from and expands on the Potter history in an entirely natural way, growing as Harry and his friends grow in knowledge and experience, as Lord Voldemort's menace grows, and as author J. K. Rowling slowly unfolds the mysteries surrounding Harry and the peril in the wizarding world.  Plot and pacing aside, however, the greatest strength of the book is its honest and unflinching portrayal of the feelings and motives of its characters, including the less than noble, but very human, feelings and motivations that make the denizens of the wizarding world seem recognizable and real.  More than ever before, you step into the shoes of the main characters and feel what they feel.  This is especially true of Harry, who's every emotion reverberates in your heart, and gets thoroughly under your skin.  A major subtext in all of the Harry Potter series to date is the importance of not underestimating the ability of children to accept and deal with the truth, and their intolerance of deception even in the interests of their own protection.  J. K. Rowling does not fall into this trap.  She does not lie to kids--or to the rest of us.  Thank you for the pain and the joy, Ms. Rowling.  And now, if you will excuse me, I need to go read it again....
 OK. I admit to being a little behind the times.  Although I had purchased all the Harry Potter books for my 10-year-old grandson, I hadn't had the  chance to read them.  Since my 80-year-old Mom wanted to read the books  too, we decided to listen to the unabridged version during a recent trip to  the Dakotas.  We were both mesmerized!  Jim Dale is a terrific narrator for  the tapes, doing the different characters' voices so well you could hardly  believe it was the same person doing all of them!  From the Scottish accent  of Mrs. McGonnigle to the Irish accent of the Centaurs to the Cockney  accent of one major characters, all are so vivid!  What a magical story!  Mom and I both remarked several times on what an amazing imagination J.K.  Rowling possesses to dream up such a tale.  We also remarked on how we  understood why Harry Potter has captured the attention and imagination of  so many youngsters of every age.  I can't recommend this one highly enough!
 If you are not a kid, don't worry, you will still enjoy this book and this book is still for you.  Once you start this book it is very hard to put it down because after the first 20 or so pages you know that this story has  what it takes to be a long and involving epic.  Author J.K Rowling slowly  unravels one mystery after another about our main character Harry Potter.  Plus there are all sorts of wonderful and interesting characters that  everyone will enjoy.<br/>The themes in this book are good for kids and  adults.  For kids, it will relate to them because it illustrates what it's  like to grow up and how hard it can be to fit in.  For adults, there are  slightly deeper themes, and it will remind you of being young again.  But  in any case this is a story for the young at heart.<br/>Bottom line:  Anyone  with an imagination will fall into this story.  And once you're finished,  there are more Harry Potter Books waiting to pull you in.  EXCELLENT.
 I was absolutely ecstatic to see this was available. The art is breath taking and obviously you can't go wrong with the story. I love that I can read such a beloved series to my young kids in a way they can enjoy it as well!!!
 Already one of my favorite book series, I was excited to see a slightly illustrated version to help my girls (both 9 yrs.) become more interested in chapter books. The illustrations are awesome and are used more like page decorations, so don't think that this is just a picture book.
 There has been a lot of fuss about "satanic" elements in the Harry Potter novels, so I was careful to read this book before passing it along to my nephew as a Christmas gift.  Frankly, I didn't find any reason for concern: the book is very much in the tradition of such children's classics as Baum's Oz novels, which have featured witches, sorcerers, goblins and the like without ever once being accused of satanic overtones.<br/>The major difference between such as the Oz books and Harry Potter is that Oz--and others like it--are set in a completely imaginary world, while Harry Potter is not.  While this is probably the very thing that its detractors find most upsetting, it is actually the very thing that makes the book so much fun to read, for its fantasy elements take on a literal quality that allow for the willing suspension of disbelief in a way not previously seen in books written for children.  It is a very sophisticated bit of writing, and I look forward to reading the other books in the series myself.<br/>These are not, by the way, books written for young children.  Most six and seven year olds will be completely out of their depth.  They are more appropriate to the ten-year-old and over crowd, who will have less difficulty reading them on their own.
 When the first Harry Potter book went on sale, I purchased the softcover edition. I didn't know whether I would enjoy a "children's book" enough to buy the next one in the series. Once I opened the book, however, I hated to put it down when I had to stop reading. I have continued to pre-order the hardcover editions as soon as they were available, so to make a matching set, I recently purchased a harcover edition of "...The Sorceror's Stone." I am an old lady, 69 this year, a blogger and a self-published author of my own fantasy story. I love Rowling's writing, though I am sometimes surprised at how dark and dangerous the plot can become. But her readers are not to be coddled: bad things do happen, and they can't always be fixed by "magic." The first book in the Harry Potter series is a must-have, in my opinion, especially if you joined the readership late or have only seen the movies.
 When I first heard about this, I got really excited and then calmed myself down as to not be disappointed.<br/>Fast forward to about two weeks ago (having forgotten about this edition) I find a post about it on Facebook, you can imagine my delight as I ordered it and saw the delivery date. I received it today and this this is big and heavy. It almost could pass for a coffee table book. The outer sleeve is beautifully illustrated with shiny gold lettering. The pages themselves are a nice glossy feeling and almost every one has an illustration of some sort, lots of these being simple ink blots or similar. The illustrations are huge, many taking an entire page, lots more taking half. As an avid Harry Potter fan I recommend this 100%. It's like reading the book for the very first time, the illustrations really bring it to life.<br/><br/>Tl;dr<br/>This illustrated edition is fantastic<br/>Worth every penny<br/>Order it now for you or the Harry Potter lover in your life<br/><br/>10/10<br/>Will be buying all of them as they become available.<br/>Bravo Jim Kay, bravo!
 What else can be said? Surely tons of people have jumped onto Amazon.com and other websites to post their thoughts about the book.  Surely people raced to finish to book and post spoilers everywhere.  I cannot imagine where people are waiting to read a review to make a decision on whether to pick up this book.  But if so, know this - this book was impossible to put down.  Harry is growing up, these characters are maturing and changing with the events they are enduring.  It was again a fascinating read, but the character development was beyond expectation.<br/>I started reading the Harry Potter books when Chamber of Secrets came out.  I am sure I don't have a new story - friends laughed, it's a kids' story, slowly they got on the band wagon, indeed most of the world is on the band wagon, we all laugh and cry with Harry, religious zealots say the books should be burned, Hollywood makes millions, Lego makes little toys, blah blah blah.<br/>But if somewhere someone is jaded, disillusioned, tired of the hype, turned away from the books because they believe they are above them, want to be different, or above the trends and "fads" of normalcy - you're a twit.  This book once again shows Ms. Rowling is a very much talented writer with a very good idea of where she is taking this story.  I thought when I finished the book I would be anxious for the sixth book.  Instead, I am anxious for the sixth and seventh.  I am anxious to see where it all is going now.  I have to know how it ends, even though it'll be the end of a great roller coaster of a ride.
 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a marvelous edition to J.K. Rowling's library, and well worth the long, long wait and the number of pages.  Although the book is the darkest novel yet in the Harry Potter saga, it reads like one of the earlier editions, happy and light with plenty of humor thrown in compensate for the overall dark tone of the novel.  The plot is complex and involved, but never difficult as Rowling takes time and trouble to make certain everyone understands the mystery before moving to the next part.<br/><br/>Many characters in this book become more well-rounded, and their actions are better justified.  Professor McGonagall becomes a much more likable character, and we get more insight into the reason behind Professor Snape's hatred of Harry.  We also see Harry's love life blossom somewhat as he ages, and he goes through typical teenage strife with his friends, Ron and Hermione.<br/><br/>The ending is an exciting, heart-in-your-throat adventure that is sure to delight Harry Potter fans old and new.  My only advice for reading this book:  Don't make this your first Potter foray.  Read the other books first.  Rowling doesn't explain every detail from the first ones; she just assumes you've read them and doesn't bog you down with details you already remember (if you've read the first four).<br/><br/>Basically, this is a very exciting book that well lives up to the Harry Potter saga and is sure to delight the many legions of fans who have waiting with bated breath for the newest edition.
 I received my copy on Saturday and finished early Sunday morning.  This is a book you simply cannot put down.  While I thought number 4 was truly great, this one actually surpasses it.  Now a teenager with the normal teenage angst, Harry must also deal with the horrors of only two months ago, with nightmares and no one in his Muggle world in whom he can confide.  Even Professor Dumbledore is distant, while Ron and Hermione write infuriatingly vague letters. When excitement suddenly enters his Muggle world, he realizes again that he's still a target of those who wish him ill.  At long last, he's back at school, only to find a particularly loathsome new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher: Dolores Umbridge, who looks like a toad and plainly despises Harry and anyone connected to him. Life is more and more complicated, as the fifth years prepare for their Ordinary Wizarding Levels examinations (O.W.Ls), vivid dreams about long hallways and closed doors haunt Harry, teachers come under professional attack, and the wizard world is poised to tear itself apart from within.<br/>Simply reading the chapter titles was exciting.  One title caused me to make an assumption about the major character slated to die.  Let's just say I was way off the mark.  Thank goodness.<br/>Buy this book!  Collect the whole set.  Then read them aloud to your friends.  They are so worth it--the classic story of good versus evil, told by an author with a mesmerizing storytelling gift.
 Nothing is better then harry potter...except illustrated harry potter! I love these books. I have been re-reading them to my kids and even my youngest (5) enjoys it because of the added illustrations. I just wish they would come out with the whole series faster!
 The general Rowling-isms can be found in Order of the Phoenix, just as they should be.  She's still J.K., and she still rocks, and Harry is still our hero, along with Hermione, Ron and all the other biggies...but the flavor, in this book, has subtly shifted.<br/>Some won't notice and others will, though some may not be able to put into words what it "is" about this book that's so...well, so "not usual," yet still so "Potter."  Some will express their confusion with disappointment in the turn of events and perhaps even express their dislike of book 5, where still others will embrace this all with entusiasm.  However, a change there definitely is...and it is expected...at this juncture of Harry's adventures.<br/>There will be some who may see OOTP as less exciting or fantastic than the others, but Rowling really had no choice, if one is to look at the sequence of events from a logical standpoint.  From the TriWizard tournament to where Harry must go next, Rowling needed a catalyst of sorts.  Book Five is the catalyst. Potter is no longer a kid.  Rowling does the best job I can imagine to convey the turmoil and spacial changes a teen can feel, and I think, the side-effect of this, is that The Order of the Phoenix "sounds" different than the 4 before it.<br/>In all, a fantastic transition to "the next phase."  Dark or not, this book, as I see it, is necessary and a wonderful read---one which true Potter (and Rowling) fans will handle beautifully.  The only reason I give this 4 stars, is because a score of 5, for me, wouldn't be genuine.<br/>May J.K. continue on with the show.  We'll be here, waiting.
 My copy arrived Saturday morning. I started it Saturday afternoon, retruned to it Sunday morning after the crossword, and finished it mid-afternoon. Much has been made of the length, but the story was gripping and the chapters flew by.<br/>It's hard to review without delivering spoilers... I'll do my best. The darkness that runs through the story comes from several sources, some expected, some surprising; You-Know-Who and his followers, of course, but they are (unwittingly, one hopes) abetted by a wizard government that behaves in untrustworthy and Harry-hating fashion. Add to this the turmoil of Harry's turning 15 while living his life entirely on display, friends who turn against him, several loved ones put into mortal danger, mentors who let him down, and the truly poisonous persona of Dolores Umbridge, and you have a book that is less whimsical, more complex, and more deeply felt than most.<br/>Even in the darkness, however, humor still lurks... Fred and George Weasley are testing potential products for their joke shop, and even the most mild-mannered Hogwarts professors have funny little ways of meeting the challenges presented by Professor Umbridge. And the relationships between Harry, Ron, Hermione, Neville, the Weasley family, Sirius, and other regular characters continue to be developed, often in touching ways. What has protected Harry from the moment of his mother's death, after all, is love... and love lies at the heart of the tale.
 My ten year old grandson has finally gotten permission from his parents to read this book. We made a deal when he was 6 years old that he could not see any Harry Potter movie until he had read the book! He is using his Spring Break to read Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix!
 I have been a reader of Harry Potter since I was in Junior High and now that I have followed Harry on his journey to the very end I still find myself rereading this book series every now and then.<br/><br/>The storytelling By JK Rowling is excellent for any reader seeking fun filled adventure By Harry and his schoolmates.<br/><br/>I have had most of these books in paperback and some of them in hardcover over the years and I find that books do wear and tear.<br/><br/>I have slowly started recollecting these books again but now all of then will be in hardcover instead of paperback.<br/><br/>I do hope someday I can read this to my children as a bedtime story and see the happiness that comes from them while listening to the story.<br/><br/>Any child or adult will love Harry Potter And The Sorcerers Stone!!
 As you move through the Harry Potter series the reading level gets progressively more difficult - so does the intensity and darkness of the books. The relative innocence of the first book may fool parents into thinking the whole series is appropriate for young readers. A word of caution - in my opinion it isn't.<br/>I have thoroughly enjoyed all of the books in the series but I have to say I came away from this latest book with mixed emotions. The innocence is definitely gone! This book is full of anger. Harry Potter's anger and frustration made him seem almost like a stranger at times. I really got caught up in his anger at the injustice, both real and perceived, that he and others suffer in the book. I'm concerned how it may affect younger readers.<br/>Plus, at 15, Harry is growing up and facing adult situations and emotions. As a mother I found myself wanting to sit down with him to counsel and comfort him as a parent would. The kid in me wished I could be his friend and fly off on a thestral - to fight at his side!<br/>So - do I recommend this book? Yes, I liked the book and didn't want to put it down as is evidenced by me reading all 870 pages in 3 days! But I urge some caution - I think this book is more suited to mature audiences. I won't be reading this one to my 7 year old granddaughter for a few years. Can't wait to see this one in the theatre though! Should have some spectacular scenes!<br/>Am I eager for the next installment? You bet! I am after all a big Harry Potter fan!
 I was afraid that a book this long would be repetative and lacking substance. I was wrong. The book moves along with each page and trying to trim any of the content would have been hard. The book starts out as usual at the Dursleys house, and then moves on to Harry's 5th year at Hogwarts. Unlike past books, Harry is now a full blown teenager with gripes and attitude (just like my own 15 year old). He's not the big hero on campus this year-he's the laughing stock. The wizard's local paper has dubbed him a "nutter" and even his bunkmates are unsure of whether to believe his story about Voldemort. This installment has another evil character for Harry and his friends to contend with each day-Prof. Umbridge. This character is the essence of all that is evil in government intervention in people lives-especially education. As an special needs educator, I saw parallels to how our own government tries to impose its idea of a perfect education. This new twist in bringing in social controversy into her fantasy world gives the book a whole new dimension. One that is full-bodied and rich. J.K. Rowling has grown from the other books along with Harry and is allowing her readers the chance to be transported into the world of fantasy, but with the tip of the broomstick touching into the real world so that we can all find ourselves in the story.<br/>Now that summer is here and the kids are out of school. Enjoy all 870 pages. You'll probably end up wishing there were more.
 Rowling's Prisoner of Azbakan is a wonderfully written book.  With the recent troubled world seeming to fall<br/>apart around me, I took the opportunity of reading it as "light" fiction, and found myself engrossed in the<br/>characters, the carefully woven plot and the imaginative setting.  I had already read the first two Harry Potter<br/>books and had found them charming enough, but this episode seems to be somewhat more developed than<br/>the previous two.  The various elements of the plot were almost as skillfully interwoven as those of a well<br/>written murder mystery (the only other type of narrative prose I indulge in with regularity).<br/>Although a little predictable in some respects, this did not detract from the story.  Here as in the earlier books,<br/>the author has taken up some very grown up motives.  Among these are: the death of parents, the loss and/or<br/>death of pets, the occasional falling out of friends, the unexpected goodness of individuals thought to be "evil,"<br/>the fact that what "everyone" believes about an individual may not be true, that it's important to give the other<br/>guy a chance to fully explain his point of view, the fact that fairness and justice are not always in the cards<br/>even for the "good guys," the fact that some individuals can influence events according to their own agenda<br/>because they have power and wealth, etc.<br/>For children learning to live in a grown up world, the book certainly gives small doses of reality orientation<br/>along with its fantasy.  The hero, as usual, comes out on top of the central action, but he does not always<br/>prove to be totally correct about his understanding of events, and everything doesn't work out entirely his way.<br/>Above all the book underscores the notion that it is best to make value judgments with caution, and when<br/>contrary data come ones way to be willing to change opinions accordingly--something even adults aren't<br/>always good at doing.<br/>Although many of the "lessons" in living could become platitudinous, in fact to a degree are so, on the whole<br/>the parable is delivered without being saccharine enough to put off an adult reader or so condescending as to<br/>put off a younger reader.  Here as in the earlier books, Rowling has managed to capture a very broad audience<br/>successfully because she has many things to say to each reader.  I enjoyed it immensely and have<br/>recommended it to a number of people, none of them children.  I also plan on giving the book to a friend with<br/>several children--but only after my husband reads it!
 At about page 384, I realized that what I thought was a dark beginning to the fifth book of the Harry Potter series, was going to continue on in an unexpected veil of foreboding and serious (Sirius?) quandries for the once innocent Harry Potter. After the dire events of book four, there is no way that our favorite young wizard could remain the understanding, most-always-level-headed young boy we readers have grown to love. This go round delves especially deep into the mind of Harry. He's at a delicate age, but his experiences over the past 4 1/2 year have left little else that could be described as such. Rowling pulls no punches and while I found it a bit unnerving to see the dark moods and dark thoughts of Harry, it made him all the more real for me and all the more anxious to see how he would handle the next "big challenge" facing him.<br/>I was also excited to learn more about my other favorites...Sirius, the Weasleys, Hermione...even the Dursleys (some surprises there for sure!)<br/>I know the phrase "this is a darker book" has been used for every book since The Sorcerer's Stone, but it is truly a phrase MOST applicable to this book. There are disturbing moments on many different levels. But it only serves to make the characters more endearing and we as readers ever so anxious to see...what happens....NEXT.<br/>A great read of 730+ pages that went by all too fast!
 12 hours. That's how long it was between the time I found the Amazon package this morning, as though left by an owl, and the time I turned the last page in this incredible book. If you've read the first four Harry Potter books, I don't need to sell you on this. If you're just looking for a little more info before you order, consider this:<br/>There is more action and surprise in just the first three chapters of this book than in the first three books in this series combined.<br/>By the end you're left feeling that you know more than ever before, but that there are still mysteries to be solved.<br/>Incidental characters become increasingly important, with one in particular earning a degree of honor and respect you'd never have imagined.<br/>It's almost impossible to discuss this book, because I would never want to ruin even a bit of it for someone who hasn't read it yet. It's clear why this book took three years to write. There's so much going on, so much meat... snippets of humor dovetailing into pure terror, high fantasy mixed with in-depth social structure, characters rising to become heroes and others falling to darkness or ignorance. This is a book that will require multiple readings to take it all in. Which is fortunate, because it may be some time before we discover what lies next. Your heart will, in turns, soar, break and be filled with resolve.<br/>I can't even fathom what comes next.
 I’ve read this book a few of dozen times over the years. I’ve tried, each time, to figure out how to put into words my feelings on it. I fail every time. But here I am, trying once again. I’m going to try and speak of just this book in this review – so (beyond these few statements) I won’t touch on how incredibly built the series is. Each book is builds on the ones before it, widening and strengthening the world. There are foreshadowings and moments peppered throughout the series that sometimes don’t come into play for many books to come. As Harry grows and becomes more mature, so too do these books. It’s something that’s almost impossible to realize here, in the first one, and that I still appreciate each and every time I pick up this series.<br/><br/>When I first picked up Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone I had no idea the impact it would have on my life. It was just a story, about a boy that finds out he’s a wizard and has to fight the forces of evil. That’s what I thought when I started it that first time.<br/><br/>Very quickly I was drawn into the world of magic that J.K. Rowling penned, surrounded by witches and wizards, magic, and muggles. When I try to examine my feelings for this (and all future books), I run into the problem of not being able to quantify what makes it so special.<br/><br/>The story is a classic; boy finds out he’s special, learns about world, fights evil, wins. The world is intricate and fun, with a lot of cleverness – plays on words, simple ciphers, and logic puzzles made me smile – while still being straightforward. The characters, though varied and three-dimensional, are fairly standard.<br/><br/>And yet, this all combines into this wonderful, fantastical world that pulls me in and makes me wonder what’s hiding behind that brick wall over there, or what I might be missing out of the corner of my eye.<br/><br/>I remember, distinctly, the feeling of sorrow that I had upon finishing this first book and realizing I was already too old to get a letter to Hogwarts. The world is so enchanting that I can’t help but want to be a part of it. It’s all about the feeling that it evokes in me. It makes me feel like there’s magic in the world, and it’s not necessarily the turn-a-mouse-into-a-snuff-box type of magic, or the type where the chess pieces actually fight each other (though, how awesome would that be?). It’s the type where friendship is stronger than anything that gets thrown at it. Where people, kids, can fight against injustice and wrong – and win. It lets you know that life isn’t always fair, and that you might have to battle against things that are scary and horrible, but the happiness at the end is always worth it.<br/><br/>And I suppose that’s what keeps me coming back, time and time again, to re-read, revisit, and relive this story. It makes me feel a part of something amazing.<br/><br/>And that is definitely magical.
 It is really hard to pick which one of the books is my favorite, it just seems impossible. J.K. Rowling does it again and produces another classic installment of the enchanting harry potter series. The order of pheonix is by far the darkest book in this series, and is in my opinion again by far the funniest!! yes you will not be able to supress your laughter as it is amazingly funnier than all the previous four books put together.<br/>1. The storyline:<br/>  the story is wonderous. For the first time in this intreguing series we have a story that depends heavily on previous events from the four books. Rowling gives hints about things somebody said or did in the previous books that have a deep effect in the fifth. She never gives you what it is though, you'll have to go back to the previous books and read that particular chapter in order to find what it was. The twists and turns are simply unpredictable. You can keep guessing through out reading this book but you'll rarely or never get the right answers!!! also you get alot of answers for quetions you've always wanted to ask.<br/>2.The charecters:<br/> Rowling's children actually grow up in this book. They're really changing. Harry is angrier, Hermione actually loosens up a bit and Ron's Baby sister Ginney has a bigger role her (more stronger and independent). Ron however is simply the same (which i think is wonderful). You also meet new charecters that are really well presented you'll feel that you actually know them personally. Keep an eye for Luna Lovegood(charming).<br/>3. Villains:<br/> Frightening, every one of them had ahd a previous appearance in other harry potter books, but here they're more active and you'll hate them. Well described and set to fit this amazing story.<br/>4. The ending is sooooooooo much better than any of the previous endings. You here have real answers and not mere hints. You'll be taken back to before Harry was born and you'll love it!!<br/>I'm 21 and I read alot of books (mainly fiction by Dickens and Austen) yet this book managed to sweep me off my feet!! I wasn't able to put it down. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 This book is an excellent addition to the Harry Potter collection, particularly for the adult reader.  While longer than Book 4, the writing is much tighter and cohesive.  You're constantly fed useful information, often through action sequences rather than lengthy exposition.  As is true in most of Rowling's other books, although this is aimed at kids, nothing is spoonfed to the reader.<br/>Many have said this book represents a darker turn in Harry's life.  Having read it, I think the books and the characters are simply growing up.  Things are not so black &amp; white anymore.  Harry now has to deal with things in greyer terms.  This made the story even more appealing to me than previous books.<br/>There are certainly more horrific scenes in this one than in previous books.  There's plenty of danger.  I would recommend that parents of younger children likely to be bothered by intense scenes take some time to talk to their kids as they read the novel.  I'm sure some good questions and discussion can be raised from the book regarding morals and the evolving definition of right and wrong.<br/>As a fan of fanfiction, I must say that there's plenty of teasers in here to keep the fanon community happy.  Alot of the characters are changed by the end of the book, with more signs that others will be.  Material to ignite the imagination abounds.
 I am enjoying these audio books so much!  I love to read, but have little time these days to do so and spend my morning and evening commute to/from work to enjoy the narration of the Harry Potter series by Jim Dale.  His voice work is masterful and makes being read to a joy!
 I've greatly enjoyed each of the books in the Harry Potter series.  I've found that the plots work on many levels, and are just as enjoyable for adults as they are for children.  This said, I think Goblet of Fire takes the series to a whole new level, and is a fantastic installment.  Despite its 700+ pages, I read it in three days, as I was unable to put it down!<br/>  Harry is of course back, with best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger in tow.  The friends meet up, after a pitiful summer with the Dursleys, at the Quiddich world cup events.  After a satisfying match, the friends return to their tent - only to be woken to the sounds of evil wizards tormenting Muggles (non-wizards).  They run into the forest to be clear of the fray - when there is suddenly a sign that Voldemort may be near.<br/>  Back at Hogwarts, interesting changes are in store.  The Quiddich matches are postponed for the year, in favor of the Tri-Wizards Tournament.  Students arrive from other wizarding schools, where the best of each school is chosen to compete in a skills test.  Harry is, of course, among those selected - with interesting results.<br/>  Overall, this is a book that can't be neglected.  Adults who have been putting off Harry Potter simply don't know what they're missing!
 Harry Potter rides again, and the action is fast and furious and better than ever.  JK Rowling has a wicked sense of humor (her description of Harry's godawful, inflated Aunt Marge bouncing around the ceiling almost had me rolling on the floor), and in the Dementors, she has invented one of  the most frightening characters I've ever come across in children's or  adult literature, a being so implacably evil it will steal your very soul.  The series so far lives up to its original promise; it's a dizzying joyride  of fun, fantasy and escapism.  And as for the hopeless killjoys who claim  the books promote witchcraft and the occult: puh-leeze, how many children  turned into Satanists after reading "Hansel and Gretel" or  "Snow White"?  As well as JK Rowling's story, the overall design  of the books is wonderful, and the chapter illustrations by Mary Grandpre  are small gems in themselves.  I can hardly wait for July for some more  magical adventures when the fourth Harry Potter hits the bookstores. (Now  if somebody could tell me where to get hold of a real Firebolt...)
 I love these picture/story books. I like that I can preorder it and get it almost immediately! It came in great condition and the pictures were just as pretty as I had hoped. It also allows my kids who can’t read these books quotes yet to dive into the Harry Potter world through the vibrant pictures.
 My family all love the illustration in the books.  We each spent hours rereading the story &amp; enjoying the illustrated pages.<br/><br/>We are hopeful that the rest of the Harry Potter series will be illustrated soon so that we can rediscover Harry in a whole new light.<br/><br/>Please, please, please finish the  series!!
 Two months ago if you asked me which Harry Potter book I liked best, I would have to have said book 1.  Now, though, without a doubt, it's book 5.  I was a bit disappointed in book 4, and had a hard time staying interested in it.  Indeed, I began to feel as if the "magic" was wearing off.  Therefore, I was a little concerned about how good book 5 would be.  I shouldn't have worried. I, personally, found the 5th installment of Harry Potter to be far more interesting, engaging, and intense than book 4.  Yes, Harry is more self-involved than before, and comes off as a petulant, grumpy teen at times...but I chalk that up to teenage angst and think it only serves to make him seem more "realistic."  Up to now Harry has basically been a pretty happy kid, despite all the bad things in his life, but in this book we see him struggle with deeper and more negative emotions.  I, for one, appreciated seeing this more "human" side of Harry.  Also, I must compliment Ms. Rawlings on her choice of character names in this book.  The house elf "Kreacher" (I assume meaning creature), and especially Professor "Umbridge" (who literally takes umbrage at everything Harry says or does).  Clever play on words!  As lengthy as this book is, I still was disappointed to reach the end.  I thoroughly enjoyed every moment I spent reading it, and only hope it isn't another 3 years before the next one comes out!
 I am in my 60s and had never felt compelled to read these books. All that has changed as I’ve begun my own journey into Harry Potter. Much like The Lord of the Rings, it begs you to read on.<br/>Yes, I’m hooked!
 Love audiobooks because the whole family can "read along" at the same time in the living room.  Currently listening with 2 teenagers and a 9-year old- everyone is enjoying the book and looking forward to the future volumes.
 Great book.  This one is a step up from the previous three in length, plot complexity, and overall reading level.
 This is a great book... BUT it smells aweful. It smells like strong play doh. Still does after weeks. Couldn't read it for long periods of time because the smell made me lightheaded. If it wasn't for the smell, would have given it 5 stars
 I loved the book, loved how Harry has grown up and is acting like a regular teenager, in fact they all are. Ginny dating!  I Ron being the mad big brother, took to long to get to the real action which is in the last 150 or so pages.  But as reader I understand that "most of it" had a purpose.  Harry has made some mistakes in this book, but so have others "Snape" for not getting over something that was almost 20 years ago. And the Headmaster for treating Harry like a child which he never got to be, and so he was not one.  Interesting though, Luna was a nice new character and I like the way you involved the other houses in teh "DA" club, so that now is not just a "Harry" show in a way, that there are other people out there.  It is growing with every book and Loved the way the twins did their teenage things, it is nice to be reminded that these for the most part are regular kids, with teenage feelings and moods. There was some random and truly uncalled scencs, the extra Giant could have been left out and a couple of other things could have been cut and still had the book and events happen. Loved seeing Harry mad even when sometimes he had no reason, but once again, that is how Teenagers act.  I am hoping that Harry depressed and more indepth mind set will give him the strenght to be the last one standing come book 7.
 The first thing to say is that not everyone will find OOTP better than the previous books. The tone is darker, Harry is very upset and feels different than the other books and character development is much stronger while plot twists and turns are down-played.<br/>But for me this is just an incredible book! The first two chapters are, in my opinion, the best two that JK Rowling has ever written. From there things slow a little bit but my interest did not waiver one time.<br/>We find out much more about the past of Sirius, Snape and Harry's own father James than we had done. Perhaps most importantly we find out Trelawney's first prediction and why Dumbledore has kept Harry in the dark up till now.<br/>Many questions are answered in this book but many are left open and, as it ends we wonder, now that the wizarding world is more united, what is the Dark Lord going to do about it? Will Harry fulfill his destiny or will Voldemort overcome him?<br/>And, on a lighter side, will Fred &amp; George become the big kingpins on Diagon Alley, is Hermione wearing her Christmas present from Ron and what were there OWL results!<br/>On a practical note, those who do not have much experience of English slang might want to keep a British dictionary handy with this one - the book seems less "translated" than the others and much better for it.<br/>Finally, the wait was long but oh so worth it!
 Got it as a gift. I'm a fan of the original novels, and I honestly thought "what's the big deal, it's the same story". But then I looked inside. The illustrations really bring the book to life in a way even the movies couldn't deliver on.
 I love Harry Potter, and Rowling's latest episode has a lot of the same elements many of us have grown to love-the magic, wit and adventure-that permeated the first four books.  But she takes a big turn in Book Five.  She told us she would.  We were warned.<br/><br/>OtP starts off shortly after Book Four leaves off. (Don't worry, no spoilers here!) The action strikes right at the beginning and the twists and turns kept my stomach churning until the end.  No long, slow buildup like the other books.  She wrote Book Five for the big screen, the chases and the special effects that we know are coming are still whizzing in my head.  And at 870 pages, it still seems to have gone all too fast.  But unlike the other books, everything goes nightmarishly wrong.<br/><br/>Harry feels it, as does Hermione, Ron, and nearly everyone else.  The book is also full of adolescent angst and sarcasm.  Harry and friends also start to question authority and each other.  That makes them-to non-adolescents at least-a bit less enjoyable to be around.  They snap at each other (and their elders) like never before, and we begin to wonder whether the sun will come out and change everyone's mood.<br/><br/>It does, in little doses.  Fred and George Weasley are up to their old pranks like never before.  This is their finest hour.  They turn their jokes into a kind of heroism in one of the most memorable scenes in the series.<br/><br/>We also get to see a lot more of other characters that played bit parts before, like Ginny and Neville.  They help round out the universe along with a few more additions.  Rowling not only expands her magical universe geographically-we do see a lot of a magical place we haven't seen before--but also through characters, who are either new or develop more.<br/><br/>With hormones raging in their veins, there is more romance than Book Four.  The who-is-seeing-who game Potter fans have been playing for three years since GoF is played out in the story as well.  Our friends have turned fifteen, and the romance roulette has begun.  While a lot occurs off-camera, Rowling will leave a lot of hearts pounding, albeit in (thankfully) PG fashion.<br/><br/>Rowling also litters her story with some verbal zingers, usually in the mouth of Hermione aimed straight at Ron. There is not a lot of them, but they are well worth the wait. Just one more reason to love them and Rowling.<br/><br/>The characters have grown and Rowling writes as if her audience has as well.  Not only is the book longer, but the book's narration has matured as well.  It still reads like a conversation, but little ones are going to have more trouble keeping up.  With more mature themes, they are less likely to be able to relate anyway.  This is a big departure from the first four books.<br/><br/>The most important change is that now that Harry is getting older, he learns that knowing the magical world in an adult way is a heavy burden.  A constant theme in the book is that Harry wants to know what is going on.  But the deeper secrets he learns aren't easy.  And while the adults around him still try to protect him, he becomes painfully aware of how limited their power is.  As he grows more powerful, he also learns how vulnerable he is and those who around him are.  He faces death once again.  Its more painful now because its not just a memory from long ago, but its someone he knows and loves...and feels responsible for.<br/><br/>Order of the Phoenix is darker and more powerful than any of the other four books.  But the adventure is more emotionally draining and less emotionally satisfying as well. (That might not be all fair, since I zoomed through the book, we'll see).  Potter fans used to fairly happy endings might not like the bittersweet conclusion.  But OtP does end with an action-packed whollop.  Rowling ties up all the ends by the last page, but OtP leaves us with a sense of looming danger.<br/><br/>Despite the gloom it is still a world we love, and when we've left it we miss Harry, Ron and Hermione. Many of us miss them like friends, which is the lingering power of Rowling's storytelling.  I just hope its not three years until Book Six.
 It's been a couple of years since I last read "Harry," and I'd forgotten a few things.  I should have re-read "The Goblet of Fire" before starting this new book, since I drew a few blanks every now and again when the author reminded the reader of events that had taken place in the last installment.  I had even forgotten several (minor) characters names and had to look 'em up at some point.  Having mentioned that, I must say that this book was quite good, but pretty sinister.  I got tired of the bickering amongst Harry, Hermione and Ron, but really enjoyed the Fred and George Weasley exploits.  I really think I like those two characters best of all.  I plowed through this newest epic in one weekend because I got caught up in the narration.  There's an awful lot of "stuff" crammed into these pages, and the pace is often hectic.  Oddly enough, I was left somewhat detached and not affected by the one character's death, though I was surprised at which one did die.  I've since gone back to re-read parts, just for fun.  I just get the feeling that there was an awful lot of hype about this book and I wonder if it was all worth it.  I'm also not sure if this is the best book yet, but it was good reading, anyway.  I hope Harry doesn't turn into a more obnoxious teenager than he is right now.  A little more respect for his elders might be a good thing.
 In July of 2000 this book was first released and I wondered what all the fuss was about. As a 40 year old adult I wondered who on earth is Harry Potter? My curiosity piqued, I picked up the paper copy of Book 1 and finally start to read it in mid January. It is now mid February and I just finished Book 4, Goblet of Fire. All I can say is Ms. Rowling really knows how to spin a yarn! This was the first time in years I stayed up until 1:30 in the morning with a book on a work night because I couldn't put the book down until I'd finished it. And the illiustrations are wonderful as well.<br/>I am so hooked! This delightful series of books brings back memories of my own childhood when you were smaller than everyone else and had to deal with mean teachers and other adults on their level.<br/>These books have everything: mystery, drama, pathos, evil relatives, rotten teachers, school bullies and the feeling of flying you get when something in your school child life FINALLY goes right!<br/>I will be among the people pre-ordering Book 5 from Amazon when it is avaliable and be standing in the line at the movie theatre in November!<br/>Lastly, I'd like to say THANK YOU to Ms. Rowling for giving us a wonderful story that you can read to your grandmother as well as your three year old. Harry Potter is the son we all wish we could have or the child we wish we could have been. By the end of this book I wish I could have traded places with Mrs. Weasley and hugged Harry myself!<br/>P.S. And I wish I could administer a nice swift kick to the nether regions of Harry's Aunt and Uncle Dursley. What horrid people! They deserve whatever they get from Harry's magical friends!
 This illustrated version of Harry Potter was just stunning! It has been years since I read this book and having the animated illustrations was a gift to my senses. So many details I had forgotten! The beautiful artwork brought back the memories of just how I had pictured it the first time I read the book. Now I can't wait to get the rest of them!
 I've seen the movie at least a half dozen times, and love it. I have been reluctant to read the book simply because I thought I knew everything with the story.<br/><br/>I was wrong.<br/><br/>There is so much additional detail that simply cannot fit into the movie.  Fantastic read, I highly recommend. Oh, and just to shatter any stereotype that may be hanging there, I am a 43 year old guy.  This is a story that can be enjoyed by anyone who lives great story telling.
 At the end of this book...well, can't do that, can I? The previous three books set the tone of the series, introduced you to the wizarding world, and introduced you to the main characters.  This book, the fourth in a series of seven intended books, is the book where the conflict begins.  It is this book that shows you that this series has a real villain and a really villainous villain at that.<br/><br/>We are introduced to whole other aspects of the wizarding world: new schools, other cultures, ancient traditions, and we're shown what happens when kids start growing up.<br/><br/>The tiniest beginnings of a spark between Hermione and Ron begin to show.  Harry proves he's adolescent as well.<br/><br/>The whole story, from World Quidditch Cup beginning to end-of-TriWizard-Tournament ending is a pulsing, pounding story.  I had trouble setting it down.  I've read it numerous times (I'm over 30....).<br/><br/>This series, and this book in particular, are perfectly toned for both adult and child (and tweeners, too.). I was actually startled to find the book is listed and stored in the juvenile section of my local bookstore.  Appalled, really.  I'm reading a kids' book?  Oh, well.  It's that good.  By the way, Grapes of Wrath is in the Juvenile section of my library, too, and I hardly think anyone would call that kiddie lit.<br/><br/>Before you read this book, you ought to read the first three.  This is a great book, but too far gone in the wizarding world for first time Potter readers.
 This is the actual full length Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone book. Its not a shortened version with pictures.  The book is large like a school math book. The pictures are so well done. Its like you get to read and watch the movie at the same time! Book is well made and has a book mark ribbon on it. Will be getting the others!
 "Goblet of Fire" lives up to all the hype of the media and expectations readers have after reading the first three books. It is still very well written and very exciting. This episode of the Harry Potter saga is much longer than the previous tales (743 pages), so we get experience a much more detailed idea of what it is like to live as a wizard or a witch. Harry even spends the first several chapters at the Quidditch World Cup with the Weasleys, so not all of the book (or the plot) revolves around life at Hogwarts.<br/>The characters are growing up, and as such are getting much more mature. While the development of the characters leads us into the typical realm of adolescence (ie: boys &amp; girls, dances, etc.), it also marks a point where we realize our fictional friends are stronger, so expect a more powerful battle between the forces of good and the forces of evil. Expect "The Goblet of Fire" to be much darker then your previous journeys into Harry's world. Don't expect to find only magic flavored jellybeans and practical jokes, also expect fear, mutilation, and death. "Goblet of Fire" has a much more realistic and heart felt ending than what you will be expecting, just keep in mind that this is all pivotal to the overall plot of the seven book series.<br/>In case I have you completely down about the dark side of the new book, I might as well mention that we do get to see Sirius and the loveable little Dobby, as well as some of Dobby's new elf friends.
 I just finished Harry Potter and the Order of the Pheoneix just last night, and the only word I can utter at the moment is "W-O-W!"  This book is filled with so many twists and turns that I couldn't put it down.<br/>I do not wish to write a spoiler-filled review, so I'll keep my comments general and spoiler-free... however, there are many published and press-covered rumors that I will touch on, without revealing anything.<br/>The book starts with, quite litterally a bang.  It moves us swiftly from place to place and gives us a view of Harry's world that we've never had an opportunity to see before.  New creatures, new characters, and new villians fill the pages.  With rumors flying about a death in the book, and a confirmation from J.K., I was always worried about the slightest thing that happened to any one of the characters at any time.  However, by the end of the book, I admit that I was shocked and surprised by the death that does occur.  Filled with twists and turns I am still trying to figure everything out in my head, as I read it far to  quickly.  This weekend I'll likely be able to start again, this time devouring every word as though it is a slice of my very favorite treat!  This book is not only sure to please all readers, but it moves Harry into the coming of age in his fifteenth year of life, and leaves us all hanging on the end wondering... What's next!?!
 I bought this book for my daughter who had read her previous copy so much it fell apart and she needed a new one!  I've never personally read any Harry Potter books but both my daughters love them and read them over and over so they must be great!!!
 Disappointing.  I was so excited when I first heard the announcements of the Kindle In Motion version of the illustrated edition of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  And it is a fun, interesting item, the illustrations are great.  BUT I have three disappointments that have me down rate this product.<br/><br/>First, the print edition of the Illustrated HP and the Sorcerer's Stone used the UK text, except for the use of the word "sorcerer's" in place of "Philosopher's".  I much prefer the UK text to the US text, especially for the early books in the series.  I was VERY unhappy to find that the Kindle version uses the US text, removing much of the English-ness of the experience.<br/><br/>Second, fewer of the illustrations have motion in them than I had expected.  Some major illustrations with a lot of scope for movement do not move.<br/><br/>Third, the "bits on the page", foot prints, ink blotches, and so on are VERY not noticeable.  One can hardly detect that they are there.  In the print version they added a lot to the "look and feel" of the experience.<br/><br/>Therefore, the only advantage the Kindle in Motion Kindle version has on the print version of the Illustrated Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is that it doesn't weigh as much.<br/><br/>I had planned to purchase as many of these Kindle in Motion Illustrated Harry Potter books as Amazon published in the future, but now I will have to think deeply about if I want to get any more.  I was most disappointed in the experience.  (BRING BACK THE UK TEXT!!)
 MY GOSH this book is amazing! The writing is superb, it's a good length, and the writing is easy to understand from a young point of view. The book also has a very interesting idea of wizards and witches that tends to give them less of the stereo type of "old lady in a hut with a big wart on her nose".  I hope everyone reads this series at some point in their life, because they need to!
 I purchased it for a road trip and it kept the kids entertained the entire time, even though they've read the book before. Overall the narrator does a good job, although his voice for Hermione is pretty whiny. It got grating very quickly and if the kids hadn't wanted to finish listening I probably wouldn't have made it all the way through. I've heard he does a better job in the subsequent books.
 This is a great read for those who want a lot of knowledge about Harry, Voldemort, and the Magical world. Explore and find many questions from the previous four books in The Order of the Phoenix
 I liked the book, keeping in mind that the version I have is the braille version, so my rating is primarily concerning the format of the book, and not its plot. This is an excellent book to put into braille format and I hope that the sequels are also done. I can see but I am a braille reader and transcriptionist, and this book is nicely packaged and well-bound. I did note several typographical errors in the book, but not more than usually found in an ink-printed book. Five stars would have been for zero errors, as otherwise what's not to like about Harry Potter?
 This one star is nothing to do with the content of the book. I have already read it through audible and love it so much.<br/>I purchased the book for my daughter, and she started to reading this today. She complained about the book when she got home from her school. She said there are missing pages! Chapter 5 and Chapter 6 are missing. I will return this and ask for another copy. Hopefully, there is no missing pages this time...
 The illustrations in this Kindle version are so great. Great story of course. Good memories and still fun to rediscover some of what I had forgotten.
 This book is wonderful!  I went through the whole process of pre-ordering this book, standing in line for my copy at midnight, etc.  I foolishly thought when I got home that I would browse the book for a half hour or so, but not start reading it until the following morning.  Once I began reading, I was hooked. Eating and sleeping became secondary.  The process of getting this book was well worth it.  I was worried that after anticipating The Order of the Phoenix for 3 years, I might feel less than satisfied after reading it.  Nothing could have been further from the truth.  The story was everything I could have hoped for and more.<br/>One of the best things about the Harry Potter series has been that Harry and the other students have been allowed to realistically age.  In The Order of the Phoenix, Harry - as well as several of the students:  Ron, Neville, and Ginny - get to develop more as characters and are start to show signs of thinking more for themselves, rather than always reacting to everything (Hermione was 35 years old from the time we first "met" her so didn't have as much maturing to do as the rest).<br/>I realize that book only came out today, but the main question I was left asking as soon as I finished reading The Order of the Phoenix was "When is Book 6 coming out?" (can I pre-order it yet?)  :-)
 I was introduced to the Harry Potter series when a relative suggested I listen to the TAPES before reading the books. In retrospect I think this is was VERY sound advice!<br/>I would highly recommend others to do the same. A first time visitor to the series may become frustrated very quickly with the pronunciation of the various names and places, whereas listening to the tapes eliminates that chore completely and allows you to sit back and enjoy Jim Dale's incredible talent.<br/>Don't think of this as a book-on-tapes series. Think of it as a one man show! Jim Dale performs over 125 voices with amazing skill, and recalls each and every one with ease throughout the entire series...The "Hagrid" you meet on the _Sorcerer's Stone_ tapes is the same "Hagrid" you revisit on the _Goblet Of Fire_ tapes.<br/>Definitely worth the price...Just be sure to preview it before letting the kids listen to them. Jim Dale has a very pleasant and entertaining voice but this particular book is rather dark and scary.<br/>Why only Four stars? Because of profanities in the beginning (One character says : "...No one at the bank gives a  d---  how I dress as long as I bring home plenty of treasure"...it is written on page 62 of the book). Why make a big deal out of it when it only appears once in the entire 800+ pages? Because in MY book once is too much.<br/>Listen, I know people speak like this on a normal basis in the real world, but this is supposed to be a kid`s book.  J.K. Rowling has many adult fans also, but we are not the target market.<br/>Just my opinion.<br/>Cris
 I received the book this morning, and just finished it, I think that this book is definitely darker than the last 4, of course the people that read the last books have aged since book 4 came out. Harry is now a full teenager, he isn't a child anymore, you can notice the changes that have overcome him since Voldemort was resurrected in book 4....  This time Harry doesn't have to deal with Voldemort as much as he has to deal with the magic goverment. His new defense against the dark arts teacher is pure evil. I dont want to give much away about the book. It is a very good read, but when you read it you will see Rowling's writing style has become a bit deeper, and changed slightly, it isnt just "games" anymore. This book really brings out the real darkness of the Potter world. Overall I gave this book 5 stars because it really does live up to the Harry Potter series, even though the book is different from the other 4. Its not so easy to explain, but it is a good buy, and now when people say Harry Potter is only for young people, force them to read this book, and that should make them change their minds, I'm 17, and I do not think that this book falls in an age category younger than mine. Cheers Rowling for another excellent Potter book
 I purchased this for my nephew who was sorted into Ravenclaw. He loved it and now wants the rest of the series in Ravenclaw editions. The detail and quality of the book is excellent, and the product arrived undamaged.
 My daughter, a teacher and mother of my first grandchild, encouraged me to read the Harry Potter series so when the youngster is of the reading-to age, I would be prepared.  To that end, she gave me the entire set.  Beginning at the beginning, I opened the Sorcerer's Stone and became hooked.  This is great stuff, and as a senior citizen I highly recommend it for the ubiquitous children "of all ages."  I can see why it takes Ms. Rowling so long to write one of these adventures:  It must take months to come up with all the delightful names of people and objects and to create the wizardry world of Hogwarts (see what I mean about names!), plus the traditions and games and history of this other world.  And yes, even though it is fantasy, I predict you will be caught up in the spells she weaves.  This is a book of mini-adventures, which - except for the principal mystery - conclude within a few fast-moving pages.  I believe this is an important factor to keep children interested.  There is suspense and some scary stuff, but most of it is over in a paragraph or two.  And there's humor that kids will laugh out loud at.  This is a book that is populated with great characters that children can identify with.  They range from Harry, the put-upon orphan who becomes a hero, to Hermione the bookish girl who earns her place among the boys, to Neville the diminutive lad who just naturally lags behind as he is constantly looking for his lost toad.  There's even Hagrid, a gentle, and not too smart, giant.  If you've got a child about nine who won't be motivated to read, I suggest you just leave a couple of these Potter books lying around without comment.  Chances are good that the child might just pick one up, after all Harry is totally awesome among the young set.  Once reaching the second page, the child will forget about the fact he/she "hates to read."
 We need to add a star to the usual scale, because five isn't enough!  For the last four books, the praise of Rowling's writing has always been followed by remarks about it being a light, sweet story about nothing that goes easy on the brain.  That is over now in a big way. Harry has grown up quite a bit over the summer.  He has the temper of a teenage boy; he no longer holds the (good) adults in his life in owe; he has developed a sense of his own abilities, but has not let that make him arrogant, as everyone expected.  He has grown. However, the things he goes through in The Order of the Phoenix FORCE him to grow up even more before you.  So much so, that I had to shut my eyes and walk away from the book to catch a few breaths, muttering to myself that this was enough, more than enough already... hoping it would stop, because how much can a 15-year-old boy be expected to carry on his shoulders?!  Neither is his world any longer circumscribed by the walls of Hogwarts.<br/>I was completely blown away by Rowling's inventiveness and her astounding ability to capture the spirits of the characters and their world in vivid, breathing color.  The last four books were wonderful, yes - but this one is in a class of it own.
 OMG its beautiful! !! I pre ordered it months ago and was soo so so excited to finally get my hands on it ! Very sturdy beautiful images nice heavy stock pages ribbon book marker i love them all!!!
 My reaction to this book was very similar to what I had after reading "Goblet of Fire": I enjoyed yet another encounter between Harry and the Dursleys of Privet Drive, found the plot in between Privet Drive and the arrival to Hogwarts rather slow and boring, and then quickly became more engaged with the book once Harry and his companions settled in for their fifth year at Hogwarts.<br/>For me the strength of this book lies in the Jan Umbridge character. She really does seem the embodiment of institutionalized evil, and her interactions with Harry and her stay at Hogwarts made me eager to turn the pages, wondering how the author would resolve her unwelcome stay at Hogwarts.<br/>I found the book's conclusion once again very exciting, surprising, and revealing.<br/>My only complaint might be the book's length. Longer does not necessarily mean better. Quite often I felt that the author's prolonged descriptions of things like the evolution of a character's demeanor during a verbal exchange did less for enhancing the story than it did in unnecessarily slowing down the book's tempo. This book likely has more words than Melville's "Moby Dick", yet alot less substance. Writer's who are encouraged to be more descriptive in their narrative ought to take that advice with a grain of salt. Sometimes<br/> aspects of a scene are better left to the reader's imagination.
 this is the 1st book of the most captivating fun,imaginative,best book series harry potter this is where you learn about harry and why he has a scar the shape of a lightning bolt on his forehead you also learn all about the very different characters through out the story with fun,imagination,great adventures,a pesty poltergeist,the funny humor within the books,the hogwarts ghost,the headmaster albus dumbledore,all the professors and students,all the different corridors,talking potraits,magical classrooms,staircases that move,the vanishing step,and all the things that lurk around every corner and in the forbidden forest and the giant gameskeeper of hogwarts hagrid i escape to all this places and leave the real world behind and escape on platform 9 3/4 to hogwarts a fun imaginative amazing book that everyone should read take from me the biggest harry potter fan ever.
 Fine story, which I enjoy more than the predictably-ending combat parts. Excellent blending with he prior books. Particularly good and helpful way of dealing with—spoiler alert—loss and death toward the end.
 I swear these illustrated editions get more beautiful as they are released! This is my favorite cover so far. The purple is so rich and all the colors pop on the pages! Love collecting these editions!
 This book is absolutely gorgeous.  If you love Harry Potter, it is a must for your collection.  I purchased it to be used as a guest book for a new Harry loving Mom to Be, and I ended up falling in love with the beautiful illustrations.  I highly recommend this book for not only HP fans but book loving people also.
 Love these CDs.  I just finished purchasing the last one so my grandkids can now listen to all of them in order.  Jim Dale is an awesome narrator.  Boxes are very nice.  Would make a great gift for Potter fans.
 Not gonna lie, it is 2018 and I'n just now reading this. I was too into non-fiction as a child to bother with a book about magical schools and whatnot. So far, I'm loving it! The movies were good, but this is way better. elementary school aged me was missing out!
 This could be the best or second best in the series of 8 books.<br/>The final 20% was complicated but very intriguing.<br/>The motion picture for this story does a masterful job of editing.<br/>For those of us who are now introduced to Harry, and friends; I recommend it!
 There has been some dispute about the quality of the translation of this edition, as well as about the quality of the reading aloud. Having listened to most of it countless times and played portions of it for several spanish speakers, including two teachers who are native speakers from Venezuela, I can attest with, I think, some authority that both the translation and the spoken quality are excellent.<br/><br/>The character voices, in my opinion, are wonderful for both children and adults. I'm amazed and impressed that the reader was able to come up with such a convincing variety of different voices, including wonderful voices for Harry, Uncle Vernon, the Brazilian boa constrictor, McGonagall, Dumbledore, Hagrid, Madam Hooch, Snape and others.<br/><br/>This set of CDs is a delight. I can't get enough of it. Listening to it -- over and over and over, along with the Spanish text, the English text, and a Spanish-English dictionary -- has improved my own Spanish skills immeasurably.<br/><br/>Lest you think this review might be a "shill" effort, I hasten to add that I have no connection with the author, the translator, the publishers, or the out-loud-reader.<br/><br/>But, like the Dursleys, I do have a secret: I'm a big fan of the whole Harry Potter series in the original English text.<br/><br/>By the way, for reading in English I recommend the original ENGLISH edition, not the altered American edition. Even the title "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" makes more sense: finding a Philosopher's Stone was the traditional goal of medieval alchemists, one of whom was named Nicholas Flamel (!)
 Sirius Black was the right hand of You-Know-Who and was in Azkaban, a jail where nobody EVER escapes.  Until he escaped.  Where will he go?  Well, there are two clues to that.  The first is that Black's downfall was when Harry Potter defeated his master.  Also, in his sleep, he was overhead to say - He is at Hogwarts.  He is at Hogwarts.<br/><br/>Now Harry is the center of a manhunt.  Will Black kill Harry before he is captured or are things a tad more complex than that?<br/><br/>Loved the fact that Mrs. Rowling uses real legends and myths, such as Radcaps of Scotland and Kappas from Japan, yet also adds her own ideas, logic and humor.  New characters and old ones help give us a sense that we know and belong on the grounds of the school.  Yet this book is even darker than the first two and I didn't enjoy it as much.  Maybe reality is starting to slip into the world of Harry Potter?<br/><br/>Addition - After rereading there are a few things I need to add.  First, time travel.  Don't add it into the universe unless you can explain why a student can get her hands on it but not the bad guys.  No, really, why don't the Death Eaters us time travel?  It just brings in so many issues when a student can get a time travel device but nobody else, oh, let us say the evil folks, uses it?<br/>On the other hand I like, how near the end of the book, Dumbledore explains that while he believes the kids he can't do anything about it.  An statement about real adults in the real world for young readers.<br/>And when compared to the film?  The film turns out even darker than the novel.  I think that has to do with having a different director then the first two movies.  And they neglected Hagrid in the film.  To be honest I kind of like him a lot more than many of the other characters.  Maybe because we both have messy hair and beards?  Anyway, onto the fourth book!
 I reread this book before I went to see the movie and decided that it was well worth the time!!  This book is Harry's 4th year at Hogwarts School of Magic and it has some scary beginnings including a very intimate glimpse of Lord Voldemort's current existence and future plans!!<br/><br/>Harry is at the Dursleys and is, as usual there, bored and wishing he could be with his friends.  The Weasleys come to get him after having written a normal letter by post to his uncle asking permission for Harry to stay with them and go to the Quidditch World Cup.  His uncle is embarrassed as the letter arrives literally loaded with stamps as the Weasleys wanted to make sure it got to Harry and have no idea how many to use.  That is a fun bit of humor and one of the things I enjoy in these books -- a little comic relief!<br/><br/>Hermione is at the Weasleys and thus the three friends are a team again.  Percy who has graduated from Hogwarts is working at the Ministry of Magic assisting Barty Couch.  All come via "portkey" to the camp grounds for the Quidditch World Cup.  Alot goes on there including again some real funny incidents but the most serious is the Dark Mark of Lord Voldemort appearing in the night sky after the World Championship and having been created using Harry's wand!!  Death Eaters also appear juggling a Muggle family in the air.<br/><br/>The threesome returns to school to find Quidditch cancelled for the year as there will be a Triwizard Tournament with 3 schools competing with a champion for each.  Without giving more away I think it is suffice to say that Harry gets involved and that the tournament tasks can be life threatening.<br/><br/>I found JK Rowling's imagination to be exciting with all the details well drawn for the tasks and tournament and Voldemort's reappearance.<br/><br/>A wonderful story that makes you yearn for number 5-- if you don't have it!!
 Having fallen in love with Harry Potter several years ago, of course I had my copy of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix fedexed to my home on that Saturday. Once in my hands I did not stop except for sleep until I had finished the "much too short" saga of the fifth year at Hogwarts. As everyone has pointed out, it is a tough year for Harry. He is in a dark mood and events do not go his way. There are many wonderful things, however, my favorite being the revisiting of the Pensieve which Dumbledore loans to Snape and which permits Harry to have new insights into his father's character. James is Harry's hero and like all fathers, he has flaws that Harry needs to accept and forgive in order to mature. Harry's relationship with Cho is totally realistic and again allows Harry to grow and mature. Rowling is a genius as no other writer for many years. Like others, I reread all four previous books so that I could "flow" into book 5. I only wish I had read it slower, but I will read it again soon and savor it next time, as soon as my husband finishes. In our family, there are four generations of us reading Harry Potter's story, the youngest is ten; the oldest is ninety. We can't wait until book six appears.
 I bought this book to read to my 4 1/2 yr old son and knew the pictures would interest him. Even though he's a little young, he loves listening to me read to him and the illustrations keep him interested and help him grasp the story.  We're over half way and I'm about to purchase book two in this illustrated series!! It brings me such joy to share the magic with him!
 Just as the rest of the world did, I waited with anticipation for the fifth book to arrive.  I was estatic when my copy arrive from Amazon.  I dived right in and was not disappointed.  I admit that the number of pages was intimidating, however, like all the other Potter books, it just flowed.<br/>The story is definitely darker and more intimate than the previous novels.  Rowling lets us see very deeply into mind of Harry and how frustrating it can be as a famous wizard and a growing adolescent.  From Harry's extreme moods swings to his rambling rages that upset everyone around him, you can see how much Harry is growing up and the extreme pressure that is forming around him.<br/>The introduction of the New Dark Arts instructor definitely presents new problems and struggles for Harry as well as for the rest of the entire school.  I love the fact that Snape was placed in a different light and given the opportunity to show the rest of the world why he is how he is.  Rowling showed many levels of Snape and the rest of the adults in the story and made me want to get to know them better.<br/>I was disappointed in the ways that the anticipated death of a 'main character' was played out.  Rowling had many storylines that led up to a wide variety of possible deaths and then, at the end, she leaves "the character" with a death that does not seem plausible and is ambiguous.<br/>I would definitely recommend this novel to the avid Harry Potter fan.  I could not put it down (done in a day and a half) and am going to re-read it for a more detailed understanding of all of the new characters that have been introduced.
 I wanted to start my 7 year-old grandson on the Harry Potter series. Since he’s new to chapter books, I worried that he would lose interest and didn’t want that experience to put him off. This is the perfect transition from picture book to chapter book because it has all the beautiful and imaginative language with absolutely beautiful artwork. A wonderful reading experience.
 A few facts:  I'm 40 years old.  Director of Direct Marketing for a major business-to-business advertising agency.  Hold a Master's degree in Communications.  Am a muggle.  And, I'm not ashamed to admit, was totally  captivated (who says they're just for kids?) by the audio CD edition of  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, the fourth installment in the  world-famous series by J.K. Rowling.  A few opinions:  I have all three of  the previous books on CD and loved every minute of them.  In fact, there  were times when I didn't want to stop driving and get out of my car (even  when I arrived at my destination!) because I was so engrossed in the  stories.  But if I thought British performer Jim Dale's reading was amazing  before, I was doubly impressed with him this time around.  As you know,  Goblet of Fire is over twice the size of the other books in the series -- a  total of 17 unabridged CDs, some 20 hours!  Plus, there are dozens of new  characters, some of whom are from foreign lands, and some extremely  gripping action scenes.  Yet, Dale seamlessly switched from character to  character, deftly handling all the accents, all the action...all the while  capturing every emotional nuance of Rowling's words.  A less gifted reader  wouldn't have been able to pull it off and surely would have left the  listener scratching his head wondering who's saying and doing what to whom.  Dale must be part wizard himself!  For some reason, I found the first few  chapters (maybe even the first few CDs) slow going.  But the story picked  up steam and by the last 4-5 CDs I literally found myself sitting in  parking lots, with the car's CD player on, not wanting to walk away from  what was happening.  I was riveted.  If you've never heard Jim Dale read a  Harry Potter book before, you don't know what you're missing.  Nothing  brings the books to life like hearing the characters speaking.  And nothing  makes the drive to and from work more enjoyable.  My favorite  characterizations are Dumbledore, Snape, Malfoy, Hagrid, McGonnagal and, of  course, Harry -- but Dale is very adept at making ALL of Rowling's  characters leap off the pages.  The combination of Rowling's imaginative  words and Dale's superb reading make for a spellbinding experience.  (By  the way, if you're thinking of trying the audio version of the Harry Potter  books, you might want to start with something other than the massive Goblet  of Fire.  Goblet is a deep, sometimes dark, often complex and inarguably  lengthy book that will require a more substantial commitment of time and  attention than the other books in the series.  That's not a bad thing,  however.  Just be forewarned.)
 Love the Harry Potter franchise in general, but this was great for a gift for my five year old nephew so my sister can read the books with him for the first time while he looks at the pictures. Planning to get him the next one next year!
 Get ready for sentences written ALL IN CAPITAL LETTERS and the word "angry" over and over again. Harry is not a happy boy in this book.<br/>At 870 pages, Rowling gives her readers plenty of pages and plot to chew on after the long wait. But this is definitely an installment in a series. And by now, Rowling has gotten fairly talented at that game. Having leaked the fact that a substantial character dies in the book, she leads her readers through numerous scenes were different characters are put in positions where their deaths seem a strong possibility. Taunting readers with leaked information creates suspense during the first read, but after that?<br/>Rowling's genius as a story-teller and creator of memorable characters continues. The toady and coniving Delores Umbridge makes for a maddening High Inquisitor as she grips Hogwarts in her dictatorial fist. Though new characters Tonks and Shacklebolt were fairly thin, Rowling dives deeper into numerous repeat character, esp. Snape, as secrets about Harry, Hagrid, Trelawny, Snape, and others are revealed.<br/>There is little resolution to the book, but rather an escalation of tension in numerous relationships and in the plotline, leaving readers longing for the final two installments.
 Love listening to these books on CD.  After watching the movies (so many times with 6 grandchildren and admittedly on my own) it's fun to go back to the books for all of the interesting happenings that are not in the movies.  Great for vacation travel trips.
 Forget any negative reviews you've heard, if you're a Harry Potter fan, you're going to love this book. Once again J.K. Rowling has increased the maturity level of the book (writing as well as content) to match the fact that Harry himself is growing up and having to deal more with the adult world outside of Hogwarts. Things are more serious and yet there's still a great sense of fun about the whole thing.<br/>Harry actually acts like an average 15 year old here, having the occasional bout of self-pity, mood swings and thinking about how life just isn't fair. Typical teenager and many reviewers found fault with that. But Harry should get to act like a teenager, he isn't perfect and we shouldn't expect that of him (too many people already do in his world).<br/>So much happens in this book, and even if it is wrapped up in the end -- and some long-overdue justice delivered to a certain Slytherin's father -- it's not as tidy as in the first few books, but nor is it as frightening as the last one. We're left knowing there's still much more to come but this time it's on a far more uplifting note.<br/>Like the rest of the Harry Potter books, you won't be able to put this one down and when you're finished with it you'll be anxious for more.
 Having read the first three installments of the Harry Potter series aloud with my children, I was interested in the continuing exploits of Harry, Ron, Hermione and the rest of the gang at Hogwarts.  This time around, my kids decided to read the book on their own so I decided to go through it as well.  Despite the substantial length, it was generally a fast and easy, yet compelling, work.  Readers of the first three novels will be familiar with the style, the characters and the various storylines.  In The Goblet of Fire, Rowling tells another intriguing story of a year in the life of Harry Potter, with the usual twists, turns and intricacies that her readers have come to expect.  In this work, the plot -- although definitely more intense -- is build upon what preceded it.  The book clears up some of the mysterious unknowns from the previous books, thus pulling things together quite well in the end, while also setting the stage for the next installment.  All-in-all, the Goblet of Fire is a very good effort and is well worth the time……even for an adult.
 I purchased this for story time with my toddler. It is a very beautiful book; all of the pages contain illustrations or doodles. We tend to speak more English at home, so reading a picture book out loud in a foreign language has been a helpful way of engaging my son in a secondary language. I wish the other foreign language editions were a little less costly; I would love to have the same book in other languages for our foreign language studies.
 Bought as a gift for my tween (11) daughter after she powered through all the movies the other day and expressed interest in reading the novels.  She's already teasing my other tween daughter with all the new info that didn't make it into the films, laugh.
 I've read few series as intriguing as the Harry Potter series.  A year and a half ago I was sick and tired of hearing Harry Potter this and Harry Potter that without knowing what it was.  So I grudgingly went to the library to find out if the craziness had merit.  I picked up the first four books, checked them out, and opened the Sorcerer's Stone.....and was swept entirely away.  I quickly blew money I really did not have at the time on the whole series (but it was worth it!) and preordered this book, the fifth one, the Order of the Phoenix.<br/>Out of all of them, this one is the longest, the most intriguing, and has some amazing changes, in not only Harry but his friends and those around him.<br/>Harry is different in this one.  He's starting to grow older, and though it isn't directly said, let me just say his hormones, including his temper, is kicking in.  After four, and by the end, five, years of fighting Voldemort in one form or other, you can really tell it's starting to take it's toll on the Boy Who Lived.  A human can only handle so much, and the author J K Rowling realized this well.  We also see more of Snape and his history, as well as the death of a very beloved character.  Harry has gone from beloved celebrity to a sort of pirah with everyone thinking he's gone crazy--that Voldemort could not have returned!  He, Dumbledore, and others are facing a lot of trouble ahead because nobody believes them, except for those who know them best.<br/>This book contains many adventures, and it's hard to keep mum on it, but telling much more will give away too many hints.  Just trust me, though, Rowling may have made us wait three years for this book, but the wait was more than worth it!  Go ahead, blow your money on the book--you'll be glad you did.
 I very much enjoyed this book... except for a few nitpicks.  Firstly:<br/>Harry's constant angst.  Yes, I know he's had a lot happen to him in the past few years, but the constant anger and shouting isn't going to make his case.  Frankly, he acts like a typical know-it-all 15 year old. What happened the to sweet Harry we used to know and love?  Now he thinks he knows better than anyone else, no one else could POSSIBLY know how he feels, and, as usual, he totally ignores the sensible things he could do, like talk to Dumbledore about his problems, in favor of acting like a hero.  If he didn't want the constant attention, there are avenues he could take.  He's made the same mistakes time and again, he should learn from them.  Tell other people when something's wrong!<br/>The beginning drags a bit.  This probably could have been shortened by about a hundred pages if things had been condensed.<br/>One-dimensional characters: Draco can't be ALL bad, yet he's shown as constantly evil, no matter what.  Everyone has a good side to them.<br/>The death of one of my favorite characters!<br/>Other than that, it was an excellent read.  I can't wait for the next book.
 The artist does a great job, I love seeing it from another perspective.  My daughter that can't quite read yet loves to "read" us Harry Potter by describing the pictures.  Definitely a collector's item!
 The Prisoner of Azkaban is the third book in the Harry Potter series and another winner for the genius J. K. Rowling.  The continuation of the escapades of Harry and his best friends Ron and Hermione keep the reader obsessed with finishing another great read.<br/>Harry spends another horrid summer at the Dursleys and agrees to "act normal" during the visit of the beastly Aunt Marge (in order to receive a signature on a pass to Hogsmeade).  Harry does fine until Aunt Marge severely criticizes his parents.  As seen in all three books, Harry cannot hold his temper where his parents are concerned.  He blows up Marge and runs away in fear of retribution from both the Dursleys and Hogwarts.  Thus, the adventures begin!  I really don't like to tell too much about the book in my reviews because I believe it spoils the plot for the reader.  Just trust me when I say that this book is another fabulous classic.  I am very stingy when it comes to giving a book 5 stars.  I do this only if I want to read the book again and again.  I am an adult who admits to reading this series three times and who is truly looking forward to the 5th book!
 After a three year wait that seemed like ten times that, receiving<br/>this book at my door one June afternoon was a long-awaited<br/>pleasure.<br/>The obvious question is, "was it worth the wait?"<br/>Well...not entirely. Without a doubt, its an entertaining<br/>novel. But there are plot holes large enough to stuff the<br/>whole of Hogwarts. And the plot, annoyingly, depends on<br/>keeping Harry, and with him, the readers, completely in<br/>the dark. Unfortunately, (I'm trying to avoid spoilers<br/>here, so forgive the non-specificness of this) his being<br/>kept in the dark is out of character for the characters<br/>who are responsible for it.<br/>It's still fun, though. And, keeping in mind that this<br/>is ultimately children's literature, I find plot holes<br/>more forgivable than in, say, a heavy duty spy novel.<br/>The characters are still as vibrant as ever. The new<br/>antagonist of Professor Umbridge (I *love* that name)<br/>is a great character, even if she is highly dislikable.<br/>And her "cat-fight" with McGonagall is scathingly<br/>funny.<br/>THis may not be up to the quality of the earlier books<br/>in the series, but it only disappoints mildly.
 As a beginning student of Spanish this book was at the perfect level for me. I struggled with the first few pages, waded through the first few chapters, and by halfway through the book, I was just simply reading it for enjoyment.
 After three years of anticipation, I'm not sure that any book could have pleased anyone. OoP moves the central plot forward, and develops some of the characters much more, while still giving a few tantalizing glimpses of the wizarding world.<br/>I had one complaint - Harry spends a great deal of the book whining and acting generally younger than he did in the previous books. Far from a young man, made an adult before his time, he doesn't even act like a conventional 15-16 year old. For those that have been following the series, this probably won't make a difference, but the series' success is built on the likability of Harry, the boy who didn't choose his fate.<br/>The book's ending is darker than the previous books - a trend that has continued, which probably won't disappoint those that have been following the series from the beginning. However, parents of young children may not want to buy them the entire series just yet - remember, those that were young when they read book one are now young adults, and have grown up with the books. Those that seem like the right age for book one now may not be able to understand some of the events of the book.
 What else can I say that hasn't already been said?<br/>I've loved the movies for a long time so it was time for me to read the books.<br/>Now before I get scoffed at for being a movie fan before a book fan let me explain why I prefer it this way:<br/>I get to enjoy the whole movies without feeling like anything is missing. Then I got to read the books and learn SO MUCH more!<br/>Ok, I do wish Peeves had been included in the movies. Haha
 It is beautiful! The charactors and places come to life, the pages are formated with drips and smuges. A great edition to my collection.
 Having had to wait a number of years for this book, I didn't know if I would still be in the Harry Potter fan club so to say.  I like a couple thousand/million other people ordered this book well in advance so I would have one of the first copies.  My wife nearly disowned me because I spent the better part of two days chugging through this nearly 900-page book.<br/>J.K. Rowling once again has written another good addition to the ongoing series of Harry Potter.  My imagination and attention was kept alive throughout the entirety of this book.  However, I finished the book with an empty feeling having not been fully satisfied with its conclusion.<br/>J.K. Rowling intertwined far too many stories and sub plots to wrap up at the end of the school year.  Dolores Umbridge character was over the top and often too distracting to the overall direction this series has been focused on.  A number of times I wondered if Umbridge or Lord Voldemort was the bad guy.  The disruption caused by Umbridge at the school of Hogwarts over shadowed the overall things I've really liked about this series.  I felt J.K. Rowling never fully closed out the Umbridge story to a satisfactory level.  The ending of the book was like watching "Home Alone Part 22" where childish endings show a stupid person running and screams out of a building.  J.K. Rowling closed out a book long story about Umbridge in three paragraphs, verses the couple of chapters spent on Voldemort and the Death Eaters.<br/>I was disappointed that she never spent more time on the House competitions and Quidditch.  I didn't feel the characters at the school of Hogwarts had anything to work towards without the magic and a competition of sorts.  I felt the parts of this series I fell in love with was lost in this book.  Harry reminded me of a spoiled, angry boy who never really developed his character in this book.  J.K. Rowling weakened the bond between Harry, Ron and Hermione I felt in the other books and replaced it with frustration.  I felt Harry turned into a spoiled angry kid who yelled at his friends, teachers and authority figures.  Maybe she was writing about all 15-year-old boys and their frustrations, but if I wanted that I wouldn't have to go any further than my own home.<br/>Unlike the other books, I kind of missed the good feeling at the end.  This book left me with more questions and the lack of accomplishing anything.  What is it that Harry accomplished in this book anyway?
 Now, while this first book alone might be rightly criticized for a few specific shortcomings and I might have rated it four stars if that was the only thing I were judging... this Illustrated Edition is just stunning, absolutely gorgeous. The price point at which it is currently being sold is a great deal for what may as well be a combination of novel and Potter-themed Jim Kay artbook: the complete, unabridged text (which, except for the change of "Philosopher's Stone" to "Sorcerer's Stone," also presents American buyers with what is so far their only official means of purchasing the original British text without import or e-platform region-trickery) shares its page space here with a wealth of stunning illustrations; characters, scenes, locations, and imagery throughout the books faithfully brought to visual life with no loyalty paid by the illustrator whatsoever toward the established movie-based appearances of people, places, or characters, favoring instead fresh interpretations of the descriptions given of characters within the text itself. It is worth mentioning that though the illustrated Hagrid very closely resembles his film counterpart, his film counterpart already resembled his book description and Mary GrandPré's illustrations of him to a T as it was. Other characters such as Harry's friends or Severus Snape are far further from their film counterparts while still retaining loyalty to their book descriptions.<br/><br/>I'm not exaggerating when I say that I thought Snape's appearance in the books couldn't be faithfully visualized in any way apart from the costume and hair stylings of Alan Rickman's portrayal until this book's ever-so-creepy version proved me wrong; and as for our young heroes, Harry, Ron, and Hermione, their illustrations pay more dues to their book-counterpart physical shortcomings than they film actors could be expected to, with Ron appearing much more freckly and gangly, and Hermione's bushy hair and larger-than-average teeth featuring more prominently (these were, after all, features of hers that were called into the direct spotlight when she found herself going to lengths to manage them in Goblet of Fire); similarly Dudley and the Dursleys are displayed with more focus on their amusing and sometimes morbid physical descriptions (Dudley's comparison to a "beach ball" as an infant is at once funnier and easier to take seriously as a problem when it's accompanied by pictures of a baby who has been allowed to grow THIS overweight).<br/><br/>Other specific locations, objects, or setpieces are also shown here in stunning detail, with perhaps the only thing missing being a full and unimpeded view in the artwork of the villain unmasked. It is quite a dark image, though, and perhaps Jim Kay made the decision that the artwork should be kept to a low maximum of unsettling visuals in these early novels to respect the intended uphill tonal slope that the books ascended as they went. It is a pity, though; I'd looked forward to seeing that scene with a more book-loyal version of Voldemort implemented than the one in the film (book Voldemort, after all, is very close to the one portrayed in the second half of the film series; he does not have a properly human-looking face like the version shown in the first movie does), but we must satisfy ourselves with a teasing image of one of Voldemort's slitted, red snake-eyes peeking out through a plot spoiler.<br/><br/>The frequency of illustrations will not disappoint. They occur every few pages at a minimum, often dominating entire pages or sharing page space in artful ways with the text formatting (this, I think, is the reason that the American version does not change the British text). The illustrations range from reasonably detailed and well-drawn to the kind of painstakingly beautiful work I'd like very much to frame massive prints of an create a personal art gallery for in my home. And no page in this book is ever left complete white, with even page-space not used by illustrations given an aesthetically-plasing background texture, the quality of the paper remaining sufficiently heavy-duty throughout, so that it is not unlike reading a copy of the Third Edition Dungeons &amp; Dragons Player's Manual visually. The dust jacket bears the beautiful cover art of the Hogwarts Express puffing out smoke before a crowded train platform and the book itself a sturdy, red-bound volume with only shiny gold printing on the spine of the title, publisher, author, and illustrator to mar the outside with potential scratchables; the inner covers sport a detailed black-and-white view of the Hogwarts Castle exterior.<br/><br/>It should be noted that this is quite a large book and I mean that in the most practical sense that it is physically taller and wider than all previous editions of Harry Potter that I know of. I've included a picture for size comparison with a hardback copy of Order of the Phoenix and a paperback copy of Sorcerer's Stone, both my own American printings. The book it also quite heavy. Between its weight, form factor, and the likelihood that one does NOT wish to damage this book, it is recommended for reading only at a table in one's room, and not outdoors, at the dinner table, or in any other situation where it might fall prey to either arm fatigue or an unfortunate spill. Treat this book with care, because it is a true collector's treat and deserves to remain on one's shelf for many years to come: it is the most luxurious way of reading this book that exists to date, and will remain so perhaps until such a time as a true Easton Press-tier, leather-bound edition of the franchise is produced, which may, for all I know, simply be an even more expensive version of this Illustrated Edition series when it does finally come to exist.<br/><br/>The only other negative to mention is that since this is the British version of the text, the line about a black boy (taller than Ron) named Dean Thomas joining the Gryffindor table during the Sorting Ceremony has been omitted, a curious editing choice on the part of the British publishers that stands as the only instance where the U.S. text kept something that was changed in the original. Lest you get the wrong idea, this was probably a case of Bloomsbury trying to shave a few words off the total length of the book; Scholastic, masters of low-quality binding techniques passed down in their family for generations, were far more concerned with formatting pages to have fewer words and wider spacing to keep from scaring off children from reading it, and thus did not care about word count: a decision they perhaps came to regret when Order of the Phoenix made their formatting choices impractical. This is, by and large, the main reason why the American versions of the Harry Potter novels have so many more pages per book than their British counterparts.<br/><br/>As of this writing, only the first two books in the series have been published as Illustrated Editions, with Book Three due for release in late 2018, almost two years yet to come. After thumbing through the pages and pages of fantastic art this edition is filled with, I can say with confidence that the wait between books for Illustrated Editions will be as well and truly worth it as when crowds of eager readers gathered outside of bookstores for release parties during Harry Potter's heyday ten years ago.
 This book is incredible. The illustrations are phenomenal and the cover itself is so gorgeous. Definitely becomes a conversation piece when others see it on your bookshelf! The only downside is these illustrated editions are huge, and they're heavy. I'm not complaining because I still love it but just be forewarned that these are not average sized books.
 Must get if Potter fan. But even if you aren't, they are absolutely gorgeous and fun. And to think that it is the entire book--it is not condensed! Yay Jim Kay!
 As a huge HP fan it was only natural that I had To buy up all of these that are available. The illustrations by Jim Kay are gorgeous and just perfect!<br/>I have already read it myself and this series will definitely be the way I read HP to my kids!
 I bought the book because it's a (pop) cultural phenomenon and because I do like to read juvenile or YA fiction now and then, especially if it has a fantasy theme.  But I dragged my feet at opening it.  After all, I had a  pile of wonderful and worthy books to read, and what could possibly be so  good about the Harry Potter books?  I mean, I'm sure they are just fine for  the kids, but I've been an adult for a VERY long time.  Well--I was  WONDERFULLY surprised when I finally did start reading!  Sure, the  territory wasn't blazingly new--but it still had that quality that puts you  right back into your childhood--with all the fun and fears and terrors and  adventure and MAGIC that goes along with it. I totally devoured this book  and the two sequels and can hardly wait to read the 4th.  I feel like a kid  again, and it's just wonderful!
 My two daughters are 7 and 5. The older one is beginning to read short chapter books, but isn't ready for such a lengthy novel, so I thought this would be a nice volume to read to them, as the pictures would really add to the experience. Both absolutely adore the movies and are so excited to be beginning the book series. This book is gorgeous. It's well constructed and the illustrations are amazing. We're really enjoying it. It was a Christmas gift and we couldn't be happier with it. We'll definitely be getting Chamber of Secrets and the rest of the series as Jim Kay illustrates it.
 Wonderful - I have to get that out. JK Rowling's ability to put an engaging and real feeling life onto paper is absolutely wonderful, and this book is no exception. Throughout it, you are thrust into the story, which moves at a fast pace, and keeps you surprised as you struggle to understand what is happening to Harry, the Ministry of Magic, and Lord Voldemort himself. You wonder why Harry seems so angry all the time, and why the Ministry is working against Dumbledore, Harry, and the Order of the Phoenix. You get caught up, and you aren't dissapointed at the end either. It fits the book so well, I don't think anyone could have come up with a better one. (I cannot tell you the ending, of course)<br/>The only problems are the characters. They seem a little out of place this time. I find it hard to believe that Dumbledore would hex not only Fudge, but three Aurors. And I find it harder to belive that even the Ministry would allow Umbridge the power she had. However, these are minor nits and they fail to detract from the magic of the book.<br/>This book, in my opinion, is the best one she has ever written, and a must-get by any Harry Potter fan!
 A fantastic book. Fantastic. The illustration is so beautiful and colorful and the 3D imagery is so realistic. I hope they do all the books eventually. A Must have for every true harry potter fan. I loved it. Every single bit of it. Buy it
 Beautiful book. Excellent to use as a learning tool for budding Latinists who need everyday practice with the language as well as building vocabulary.
 I waited a long time for a book that took me all of four days to read, so now I am back to waiting again.  Feels sorta like S. King's Dark Tower series.  Plenty of folks will go on and on about the book's finer points and the books not so fine points.  I could do the same, but why bother?  If you are a Harry Potter fan, you will read this book.  If not, this is not the ideal starting point.<br/>The book is long, the book is good, the book is dark.  The feel good moments in this novel are scarcely there, if there at all.  I think that JK Rowling has stopped focusing on the younger folks with her writing and has realized that she can really strike a cord with the older crowd who have already been through what our young hero is experiencing.  If the book were a movie, it would be a definite PG-13 for all but the most mature kids who are reading out there.  That said, the fifteen year old angst that Rowling captures is quite powerful and moving.  Some characters develop quite nicely, while others move in somewhat unexpected directions(that is a good thing, people).<br/>My only real gripe is that the death of an important character was handled rather badly.  It didn't get the build up it deserved; however, it leaves room for much Harry development in the future.  I know some have complained about the length, but I hope the following two editions maintain the 800 page range.  Longer would be too much, but when waiting three years between publications, anything else is too little.
 Afer hearing of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone as being either 1) a great children's book or 2) something akin to a witches' bible, I bought this book, as so many others have done, simply to see what all the Harry  Potter hype was about.  As a middle-aged adult whose taste in books ranges  from literature to history to current events, may I say that I have seldom  enjoyed a book as much as this one.  I wonder if the benighted people who  condemn JK Rowlings as guilty of promoting Satanism also pass the same  verdict on Hans Christian Anderson and the Brothers Grimm.  The book was  fun, fantasy, and pure escapism, and that is all it sets out to be.  On all  three counts, it succeeds brilliantly.  I finished the first book yesterday  and am looking forward to reading the sequels... hopefully, all six.  Kudos  to Rowling for creating an instant -- and enduring -- classic for all ages.  (Now if I could just get hold of a real Nimbus Two Thousand.....)
 I have watched all the movies and loved them. I have had people tell me to  read the booms but this the first one I have read.<br/>There is enough of a difference in the books to keep you reading it. I will have to get another one to read.
 This was my 11 year old grandson's Christmas present and he loves it.  Great buy!
 Harry Potter, a common household name, has enriched the lives of children (and adults) worldwide. The 5th book in a series has the most Chapters, and is the longest ever. It revolves around 15-year old Harry whose fifth year at Hogwarts proved to be the most difficult ever. JK Rowling introduced several new characters like Nymphadora Tonks (a notable character in the Order of the Phoenix), Luna Lovegood (a Hogwart student in Harry's class who shared central roles in the book), Dolores Umbridge (a Ministry of Magic official who thinks she could bite more than she could chew at Hogwarts). JK Rowling elaborated more on the family history of Sirius Black, which helped because it provided a rational for her to justify Sirius fate in the end. Rowling also introduced a family member Hagrid did not know existed. Harry's love affair with Cho Chang was given some emphasis, but as hormones come and go, it also dissipated in the end. Most remarkable, is the Weasley's family, who despite encountering troubles here and there, again and again, still managed to project themselves as very happy and loving individuals. Professor Snape, despite Harry's distrust in him and being a rather dark character in the book, somehow saves the day unbeknowngst to Harry. Finally, Dumbledore is definitely someone who always "saves" the day. Several instances in the book where Dumbledore proved to be Harry's ally, and there were times that Harry thought of him as distant, unconcerned person. Nevertheless, there are exciting Chapters where Dumbledore showed that he's not only the greatest Wizard there is, but that he is also human, who makes mistakes like everybody else. This was evident at the very end of the book. To summarize, the book has 38 Chapters with 870 pages, and chockfull of thrills, juvenile fun, action and excitement. New characters were introduced, while old characters evolved and one in particular moved on. The book in fact is an introduction to the coming war (so called "the second war"), where according to JK Rowling in her recent interview, may be the reason why we might not see Harry reach his adulthood. We will find out in the 6th and 7th book! This book is good value for your money.
 Less illustrations than the first two. The Sorcerer's Stone is jam-packed full of art this one is a little more sparse. Still a fantastic book and a wonderful opportunity to read with your kids. Mine came with a little bit of damage to the spine, I think that's from Shipping not the manufacturers fault.
 The latest Potter novel continues the magical story of a boy growing up in a society of witches and wizards.  The biggest complaint that I have is that it is too long, if that is possible.  At 870 pages the weight of the book makes it hard to hold up while reading.  And while all of the sidebar adventures were interesting it kind of dragged in the middle.  The main plot elements of Harry's conflict with the Dark Lord was not advanced very far.  The scene near the end with the magical combat between Dumbledore's Army and the Death Eaters went on too long.  I got the impression that she is writing that scene more as a movie script than for a novel.  On the positive side Rowling doesn't shy away from inclusion of dark aspects in her "children's" books.  One of Harry's friends dies (or does he?).  Characters are rarely all good or all bad.  Fudge from the Ministry of Magic is a villain despite being in charge of protecting people, perhaps an education for teenage readers about how real governments are so often wrong about most everything.  I hope she cuts the next one down a little.  My arms got tired.
 Best book ever!!! I am ten years old and my mom read all these books to me. I have loved  them since the moment my mom started to read them to me. Now I read them on my own and I still love them. I just love all the characters like Harry,Hermione,Ron,Hagrid,and Dumbledore. I even love the bad characters such as Snape,Dudley,and Mrs.and Mr.Dursley. I just love all the magic and spells it is just so awesome. I recommend this book for all ages from 8 and up.  (Moms you can and really should read this book to your 5 year olds and six year olds.)
 every harry potter book is one more adventure. well- written. does not scurry through the book, but takes time to keep in order and place. you watch harry and his friends grow up andlive a magical adventure.
 "Phoenix" is not only (as many have observed) the darkest volume detailing Harry Potter's exploits and travails, but also the most literary. J.K. Rowling has greatly expanded her use of device, and she does so with overall effectiveness. Her greatest talent as a writer resides in her ability to write what some have rather misleadingly termed "straightforward prose." What Ms. Rowling does is to trust her reader. She knows exactly how much description to give, and then lets the reader's imagination do the rest. One particular scene involving a portrait who is searching for his missing owner (paintings lead far more interesting and interactive lives in Harry's world than in ours) took only a line or two to describe, but unfolded in my mind into a vignette of moving supernatural pathos.<br/>Symbolism is rife within the text, and it too is used with good effect. There seems to be more depth in this effort, with not only the overt symbolism evident in nomenclature, but more subtle usage as well. For example, I took the ghastly Umbridge world-view and the evil, stifling bureaucratic nonsense promulgated by the Ministry of Magic to be pointed jabs at perhaps: the EU, current governmental PC attitudes, and certainly New Classism in general. But, maybe that's just me.<br/>Unquestionably, the book is darker. I might be a little reticent to recommend it to very young readers. However, the spooky and unpleasant aspects are usually the best ones in fiction and Rowling writes toe-curling, spine-tingling stuff.<br/>My only real complaint is with the ending. Things are wrapped up a little too tidily for my taste. I prefer more "shaggy beast" in my novels, than neat packaging. Also, she eliminated (prematurely) a source of compelling conflict, with Umbridge and the Ministry,and I'm not sure why. Still, the book is excellent. There are those who condescend to Rowling as a writer, and to juvenile fiction in general - they shouldn't. This book is a first-rate literary effort, and like the preceding four, are classics in their genre.
 What can I say except WOW!  Jo Rowling has to be one of the truly great writers of our time.  Book 5 introduces new characters who are incredibly well-developed.  Dolores Umbridge is one of the most hateful characters I have ever encountered, but her introduction into the series makes it so fasinating that it is nearly impossible to put this book down for even a minute.  I am reading it now for the third time and, as with all of the HP series, JKR has hidden information that is key to the entire storyline in nooks and crannies that can only be discovered by reading and rereading.  The main trio, Harry, Ron and Hermione are developing into very interesting teens.  I love the Weasley twins and there is a section devoted to them that is priceless!  Luna Lovegood is also a most interesting character and I was happy to see that her character was fleshed out in this book.  The spells are getting more interesting and the drama surrounding Lord Voldemort is getting more intense now that he has returned to his body.  Neville's character has developed too and that is great!  After my first read, I was quite disturbed with the events in Order of the Phoenix, but after the second read, I was enraptured just as I was with the previous 4 books.  If you haven't already, read this book and then read it again.  It just keeps getting better and better!!  Another Winner from JK Rowling!
 The Order of the Phoenix is not for children under the age of 12--it is too nuanced with the psychological and emotional development of Harry.  Younger kids will enjoy the action, the occasional humor and the inevitable marvelous creatures, but much of the novel will be better understood by adolescents.  Also, a reader who is not thoroughly familiar with the first four books will probably lose interest in Phoenix.  It is full of references to the stories and characters that preceded.  That being said, this 64-year-old Harry Potter buff put aside every obligation and  has just read the volume cover to cover. (Today is June 22.) Couldn't put it down.  The first half is a bit slow-going and the reader needs to adjust to an irritable and depressed hero.  But there are shocking surprises nevertheless, beginning in Chapter 1.  The second half of the book contains one amazing piece of villainy after another.  Professor Umbridge is about the most nauseating of all Rowling's Nasties, including even Snape, and her perfidiousness touches most of the people we have come to know and love.  Will she get her come-uppance?<br/>The first two books were magical adventure stories.  The third began to explore emotions and relationships to a greater degree.  The fourth combined elements of the first three, but with an overtone of danger, evil and tragedy.  But the fifth book I thought was the best and most satisfying for the way it pulled together all the threads of the others.  Unlike the fourth, it answered a great many questions and left me feeling satisfied.  If there is another long wait until the sixth volume, and I expect there will be, at least I know that Harry and Company are on the way to a resolution. Now excuse me.  I must go back and read it again, a little more slowly this time.
 I got it for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas she loves harry potter so she loved these books she is 9 year old and loves to read she had them read in about 3 hours .
 I loved these books when they came out. They gave us so much pleasure as we read them aloud to or children. Now, rereading them by myself, I find myself smiling at the funny little details that my children loved. And in these books the goodness of the humanity always wins. I wish that were true in the muggle world.
 bought as a gift for my nephew who had been begging me for my harry potter books. I am not giving that kid MY harry Potter books, I mean I love him, but I love my Harry Potter too. I didn't even let my daughter read MY Harry Potter books... She's rough on books, she got her own set. SO yeah, great story. I'm expecting my owl any day now with my letter saying I have been accepted into hogwarts and I can leave the dreary world of muggles behind.
 I am really enjoying this series as an adult. I didn't read them when the came out and wasn't even sure I'd like them, now I can't get enough! Reading this book has kept me too busy to read the last two books for my book club!🤓 I was too transfixed into Harry Potter! Can't wait to start the next!
 The long-awaited 5th installment of the Harry Potter series came to my doorstep on June 21, just as Amazon promised.  I read as much as I could that weekend and was able to finish up last night.  While it took me longer to get into this book than the others, I was thoroughly satisfied.  It follows the typical format, starting out at the Dursley's home, a year at Hogwarts and then ending in a battle, with Dumbledore explaining everything unknown to Harry, though I felt this book reads differently than the previous ones.  It is much darker, the characters are angrier and experiencing emotion much more than before.  The danger and confusion, especially for Harry, is heightened, and it makes for an interesting read.  Longtime fans, especially the younger ones, may be put off by this, but those that are will most likely come to appreciate it.  I think Rowling, in order to make a believable adolescent protagonist, HAD to write the story this way.  Harry and the other 5th years have all matured a great deal since the first book and I was pleased to see the Rowling is letting them grow up.  A very long book, but worth every page.
 What a beautiful illustrated copy of Harry Potter. As a fourth grade teacher, I was thrilled to introduce it to my students. It was perfect for Harry Potter fans and also for newcomers. Love it!
 I like just about everyone else waitied on pins and needles until my copy of Harry#5 arrived. I could have finished it the day I was delivered. However I forced myself to take it slow to savor the book, it's anyones guess when Harry#6 will be available.I enjoyed the storyline for the most part. It was good to see that it was not business as usual for the cast of characters. It was also a change to see Harry acting more like a normal teenager for once. As always the author is able to spin a rather outstanding tale and captivate the reader. Now having said all that I would like to touch on why this is not a 5 star review. I would have liked a bit more in terms of surprises or plot twists. The author tried that at the end but it kind of fell flat for me. Also there was alot made of the death of a major character, not sure if I consider this charcter (I will NOT give it away!!!!)a major one. However don't think for a second that I will not pre-order Harry#6 the minute I am able to do so.  The best thing about this fantastic series is that it gets children to want to pick up a book and read. So don't wait,order it and ENJOY!!!!!
 I had already read all four of the available Harry Potter books before I listened to the audio versions of the same books.  (I borrowed the tapes from a friend).  The books impressed me as some of the best writing and storytelling I have ever read, and the audio versions do justice to the writing.  The reader, Jim Dale, is an award-winning actor who makes the writing come alive.  (Although he does pronounce Hagrid differently from the way I do.  Is it "Hay-grid" or "Hag-rid"?)  The CD's and tapes are unabridged, so the listener doesn't miss a word of Rowling's great writing.<br/>I often drive solo, and really enjoy listening to talk rather than music.  The Harry Potter audio series is perfect for an interesting diversion from miles of straight freeway.  If you are traveling by car with children, these audio versions of the books could make your trip much more enjoyable.<br/>These CD's are expensive, which is why I bought only one at first.  I intend to get a new one with each Amazon order until I own the entire set.
 I know it a little backwards because I watched all the movies before I read the books.  It was nice to read the first book, it filled in the gaps in the movie. I look forward to reading the other books.
 This book is so cool. Even if there isn’t a full picture on it, every page has some kind of embellishment. Some pages may be a *little* harder to read, but it’s not that bad. This would be great for younger readers who still want picture books. I hope they finish out the series.
 I was happily anticipating the release of Book 5, being a fan of the series but not one of the die-hard ones who go into B&amp;N at midnight to pick up a copy.  Figured I'd read it on the train, give myself a couple of weeks.  HA.  I ended up finishing it during a short car trip, squinting and trying to use the streetlamps to illuminate the page, as it was after dark.  SO much for making a good thing last.  This is probably my favorite one, yet, though it is difficult to say that as each book relies so heavily on the stories of the past - I can only safely say that the story itself has reached impressive new heights in the fifth installment.  The story, as everyone swears, is much darker - I was worried after the first 200 pages that we'd be tortured without relief for 900 pages, but Ms. Rowling did a superb job, lightening the mood when we needed it most.  My highest praise goes to the author's work on her minor characters.  I was positively delighted with the development of so many characters, including Neville, McGonagall, Sirius, Lupin and Snape.  I do have to include one disappointment - I laughed, sighed, and gasped aloud, but when the book should have been at its saddest, I didn't find myself crying.  Something about the unfolding of the story didn't strike me severely enough - and I cry quite easily.  I'm sure there will be more opportunities for that in the future.
 I'm a 27-year-old child ... just getting into HP for the first time. I've never heard anything but amazing things about Harry Potter (seen some of the films as they came out).<br/><br/>I am now almost to book 5 and am loving it more and more the more I read. She does a truly amazing job transporting you into a magical world. I cannot wait to keep going!
 I must confess to some disappointment here. No doubt this is due in part to the great expectations I had and the excitement I felt about getting my hands on Part V of J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter saga. I have long admired Ms. Rowling's imagination, plotting and characters and consider myself a big fan. I found the first two books charming, but Prisoner of Azkaban raised the story to a whole new level for me. With its complex plot, stunning reversals and poignant ending, it remains my favorite Potter novel so far.<br/>  Book Four was overlong in my opinion, especially in the first ten chapters, but it improved for me in the rereading. One of Rowling's gifts has been how she times the introduction of a new character, setting or magical device to keep me enthralled even when the plot or subplot drags a bit. Examples in Goblet of Fire include characters like Rita Skeeter or the wonderful prefects' bathroom with its many bubbles and peeking mermaid. Nor are these additions extraneous. In Chamber of Secrets, Moaning Myrtle seems like a fun little extra to the Hogwarts family and then is revealed to have some important secrets.<br/>  So we come to Book Five, and I can't help but feel that, despite the addition of one amazing new character and a few interesting set pieces, this lengthy novel doesn't come together as well as I had hoped. There is much to like. Rowling does a great job portraying Harry as an angst-ridden teen. Unfortunately, this doesn't always make for exciting reading. As a high school teacher, I tend to find moody fifteen year olds less than compelling, and Harry was tiresome company much of the time. But I applaud the way Rowling has Harry grow and change from one book to another, affected both by the amazing adventures he has endured and by the very act of growing older. And yet, the plot is surprisingly devoid of surprise or of crucial incidents, and the climax is the most disappointing of any of the books.<br/>  Tons of new characters are introduced here, but it's surprising how few of them really register. Dolores Umbridge is a triumph of villainy. Rowling has created with each book a wonderful Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, and Dolores is no exception. I also liked Kreacher, the tragically stunted house elf. But most of the other new characters, both good and evil, appear too briefly to make much of an impression.<br/>  What is more disappointing is the way many of the old characters are used. While Snape and Neville finally get further developed and thus more interesting, and Hermione takes her place as clearly the smartest and most invaluable of the heroic triad (future Best Girl for sure!), Ron is given nothing of interest to do, and Hagrid and Dumbledore are seriously compromised. It's hard to describe how without giving things away, but suffice it to say that, for me, Hagrid's giant-like tendency to lovingly put his friends in terrible danger is growing tiresome for me. As for Dumbledore, the whole book hinges on his making a choice that makes absolutely no sense, given the wizard's wisdom and previous actions.<br/>  Having written all this, it seems almost ridiculous to complain. Rowling's saga is compelling, even when parts of it are less satisfying than others. I fully intend to reread Order of the Phoenix and expect to get more out of it the second time. (I also plan to listen to the fabulous Jim Dale act out the book; his interpretation of the hundreds of characters in each audio installment is nothing short of brilliant.) And I eagerly await the next book in the series.
 I ordered this book along with the illustrated Chamber of Secrets.  It arrived quickly and in excellent condition.  I was a gift and the child loved it!  It really helped explain the story and bring the characters to life!
 This book is amazing and has great pictures in it! I purchased this for my sister who is a fellow Harry Potter fanatic! I will be getting her the other books for her birthday.
 It's not the characters or the plot that makes this fabulously entertaining, it's the genius of J.K. Rowling.<br/>She is extremely funny (her sense of humor really shines in the later installments) and has an incredible imagination. Her writing is masterful. She weaves a very light, funny, and engaging story.<br/>Her characters are lovable, the settings are extraordinary (you'll want to jump right into the book and walk alongside Harry) and the ending leaves you breathless and panting for more.<br/>This is not your typical "good guy vs. bad guy" plot in kiddie book form. This is J.K. Rowling's world. Young and old, male and female, doesn't matter. She has a universal audience.<br/>I loved this book so much that I going to splurge on a collector's edition for myself. It's THAT good.<br/>Mark my words, YOU WILL BE HOOKED TOO!<br/>Cris<br/>P.S. Pick up the tapes and read along. You'll have a double dose of pleasure and Jim Dale is terrific with the voices.
 Super mad! This book is not put together correctly.  For example, page?  #100 ends and picks back up at page #99. I bought this for my daughters 5th grade class and am super embarrassed.  Editors pick? Seriously?
 At the time of this writing, there are only five of seven books published.<br/><br/>This is my favorite.  I have read this numerous times (including in Spanish) and I am over 30 (if that matters). This story is particularly dark.  The whole premise of the book is that Harry is being sought by a known murderer (and one who, no less, betrayed Harry's parents and is the cause of their deaths). So much happens in this story to test Harry's resolve.  A pack of dementors--Azkaban prison's guards--surround the school in an attempt to catch the murderer (Sirius Black).  These guard cause Harry a tremendous amount of grief.<br/><br/>The storyline is fascinating. We get further background information on the wizarding world and, more importantly, on Harry. We are introduced to some new magic, new spells, and some new creatures.<br/><br/>This is the book that will show you that this series has the power, the strength, and the story to carry it through seven books.<br/><br/>If you decide you cannot commit to seven books or to worrying about some kid you don't know, consider reading just this one--even if it is out of order--before you quit the whole series.  This book is that good.
 What a fun way to read this series to my kids.  Keeps them focused and listening and helps with their imagination of the creative unique characters and scenarios.
 I read the first two Harry Potter books and then got the audio cassettes for number 3 and 4.  These books are great!  I listen to a lot of audio books because I drive a lot and I get sick of the radio after a while.  Some audio books are hard to keep paying attention to while listening.  That is not the case with this particular one.<br/>There are 12 tapes that are 1 and 1/2 hour long.  I got so intrigued that I finished it within a week.  I listened while driving, cooking supper and even while doing some house painting.  The Goblet of Fire is delving further into the mystery of Harry and his world.  I am hooked and just can't wait for the next one.<br/>If you don't have a lot of time to read and want to discover some true talent of story telling, try these books on audio.  It is a great story and the reader does an excellent job of changing his voice for different charachters and setting the scene for what is going on.<br/>I can see why the man that read these books for audio recieved so many awards.  It will keep you on the edge of your seat!
 Got this for Christmas. I wanted a bigger book of harry potter so that all three of my girls can see the pictures while we read. Come with a string for a bookmark. Love it cant wait to give it to them
 It arrived in excellent shape, and was well worth the wait for over seas shipping. It's pretty cool to have the information on Ravenclaw in print, instead of just on Pottermore. A great addition to my Harry Potter collection (Funko Rock Candy Luna is just there to help show off the book, I bought her separately!)
 With this fifth installment Rowling has reached for more emptional depth as the characters mature. There is a real feal of teen age emotional conflict and confusion, however she tends to belabor the point and the plot sometimes suffers. There is also a lack of depth in a few of the characters. The emotional content that she stresses somtimes seems totally absent from her plot development with some events feeling abupt, which she tends to "clean up" later with a few, very few, words. The ending seems a bit contrived but it does explain the focus of the book.<br/>Harry again is forced to face his nemesis and this time he feels alone, even though he has recruited a cadre of friends to help.<br/>All in all a good read and the familiar characters, settings and themes feel like a return home to readers. The plot and themes may unfortunetly be a bit too advanced for a good portion of younger readers, but it is not as scary as the last two for them. Alone this is a fair to good book, as part of the series it is very enjoyable. This one will make a very good movie, probably a better movie than a book.
 I grew up reading these books and was in love with them from the very beginning. Now my 10 yr old son is reading his very first Harry Potter book and he loves them too.
 This fourth volume in the Harry Potter series set a new standard for Harry Potter books, which means that any addition to the series after "Goblet of Fire" is expected to be longer, or fans world wide will be disappointed.  Many YA fantasy authors saw the surprising length of "Goblet" and realized it is okay to make a very long fantasy book. However, I feel many YA authors should leave the long, long books to Mrs. Rowling.  This book never has a boring moment, and you feel for even the most minor of characters when they deal with pain, especially after the events in the grave yard during the book's climax.<br/><br/>The Ron/Hermione tension is well executed, while Harry's angst begins to grow as he is thrown into a dangerous competition he didn't enter by a mysterious person who seems to want him killed, and if those things weren't enough to create a classic, Voldemort's return is the most frightening and well-executed part of the series out of the three books before "Goblet."  It's frightening, believable, and in some part's tear-jerking.<br/><br/>The part that makes this book differ from the previous three Harry Potter novels is the mystery.  The question of "Who put Harry's name in the Goblet?" never grows old until you finally discover who it is.<br/><br/>It is quite a feat to make a reader be reluctant to put down a 734 page book.  JKR had done it though, no questions asked.<br/><br/>This book is a classic, 10/10.
 I only give 3 stars because this was not what was described when I purchased it. It had a description of a different cover than the one I received but the book itself is very well put together for a paper back
 I was afraid we would never see this book.  But it was well worth the wait.  We get our old time favorite characters and some new ones to love and hate.  This book is packed with adventures and character development!  You really get to see each one grow-even ones who you think are "all knowing."<br/>I love the way Rowling makes the book a team effort.  While Harry Potter may be the name of the book, he is by no means the only character to love.  This book does an amazing job of spreading the wealth of good and bad things that can happen to all that attend Hogwarts and live in the Wizarding world.  Not all things happen to Harry.<br/>There is another death in this book.  You are given a few it could be and then when it happens... you will be saddened.<br/>Overall I really have loved this book, and I can not wait for the next two.<br/>I know JK said she was only going to write 7 books about Harry's life in Hogwarts... but I do hope we get even more after they leave.  I think she has built a world with never ending potential.<br/>Thanks JK for another wonderful story.
 Excellent reading of an amazing series! I read them so many years ago, and have seen the movies several dozen times since. I appreciate the small theatrical differences from what the books contain, and the books are so much better! Wonderful way to revisit the classic.
 Thinking of superlatives for J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series is becoming more and more difficult (because everything has already been said thousands of times)!  Trying to give a unique review is also becoming harder and harder.  This is another absolutely stupendous book and I really loved reading it.<br/> Harry has returned to Hogwarts for his fourth year after a fun visit with the Weasleys and a terrifying experience at the World Cup (marking the return of the death eaters).  Quidditch is not being played this year--in its place is a rigorous competition known as Tri-Wizard Tournament.  Only one contestant is selected from each of three wizarding schools with the stipulation being that the student must be seventeen.  Unsurprisingly, fourteen year-old Harry's name is also pulled out of the "Goblet of Fire."  Thus begins his solitary voyage.  With a few exceptions, Harry must make this journey alone through much of this novel.  He even becomes estranged from his best friend, Ron (Hermione does remain close to Harry).  The other students make fun of him and even ignore him. The cruelty of the Slytherins is the nastiest.  Many of the things that Harry goes through are the same as what most teens must endure as part of the growing up process.  Unfortunately, Harry does not have the benefit of loving parents to give him some must needed support so he turns to his godfather, his friends, and even a few professors.  This book is much darker and sadder than the first three books but as in the others, the writing is so beautiful that you will feel Harry's pain.  As always, Harry triumphs in the end but even this conclusion is bittersweet.
 Harry Potter in ancient Greek!<br/><br/>Ok, so after the novelty has worn off, will you be able to read it?<br/><br/>You've had at least a year, if not two, of Greek or the equivalent right? Because if you don't know Greek, then no, you can't just hold it next to your English copy of Harry Potter and match up the words or anything.<br/><br/>But if you have the requisite background you will probably be translating it, unless you are an advanced Greek "reader."<br/><br/>Most students are going to be doing a lot of translation--looking things up, puzzling over forms, using a translation as a crib, but it's doable.<br/><br/>I expect most people, other than diehards (I consider myself a stubbornly persistent, if not particularly proficient student of ancient Greek)and teachers, will get this for the fun factor and then let it gather dust-- rather like I did in high school with my copy of Winnie Ille Pooh (Latin).<br/><br/>But Harry Potter is a compelling read in any language, and if you are a new student learning Greek, or an older one wanting to review--you should give it a try.<br/><br/>The grammar is rather easy, Rowling is known for her great characters and the amazing world she has created and not her intricate, classicising sentence structure--so you won't find any five paragraph sentences, with long subordinate clauses in the ancient Greek translation of Harry Potter ( :<br/><br/>But just like with most ancient Greek texts, you will need to look up a fair amount of vocabulary. All the more so, since the translator had to coin some of the words himself (think the Greeks had Quidditch?)<br/><br/>I recommend his site, where he explains all about his choices and the translation process,and where he posts the vocabulary for the first two chapters (so far).<br/><br/> ...]<br/><br/>Should you buy the book if you are a student of Greek/Harry Potter fan?<br/><br/>Sure, if you think you will either sit down and read it, or play with it off and on as a side effort in your Greek studies. It's fun, but I admit I have not gotten very far yet myself. Anything that gets you reading Greek is a good thing.<br/><br/>If you are a teacher of ancient Greek?<br/><br/>Well, it might be fun to introduce the students to the fact that such a thing exists, and some of your students may well get excited about the idea of reading Harry Potter. But, as you well know, they will have had to have had a fair amount of Greek before they can read this text, and if they are that far along, you are almost morally obligated to get them reading THE GREEKS &lt;grin&gt;<br/><br/>I don't think many Greek teachers will consider this for a text, and it's not like I have to tell teachers that, but it might be fun for you as a teacher to read it, if you are a Potter fan, and to mention to students for some extra practice during the summer or winter holidays. It might motivate them to keep up their Greek over the breaks.<br/><br/>It's worth a look, especially for younger students, but I mainly think it's something they might be inspired to try on their own. They know the story for the most part, so it will seem less daunting.<br/><br/>hope this helps
 I wish they had released the whole series in House colors at the reasonable price I purchased this for. It was completely unnecessary but made me giddy just looking at it. Too bad it's so hard to find cool, awesome Ravenclaw stuff :(
 I find it quite interesting that the folks who write those really crushing, insulting and long-winded reviews never seem to be able to spell, not to mention form a grammatically correct sentence. This goes for all books, not just Harry Potter by the way.<br/>So Rowling isn't the best writer who had ever lived. So what? I've read so-called best sellers that do not reach up to her ankles. The story is engaging and entertaining and if you are too sophisticated to be able to take a little predictability then it's your bad luck. How realistic and "believable" do want a book to be? This is supposed to be an escape from reality, not a repetition of your day at work.<br/>As to the ending... if you are one of those over-protective parents who attempt to screen their kids from anything BAD, you might want to read this first. As far as I'm concerned, a little violence in a book doesn't hurt. As a child I've always reveled in a direct threat to the main character. I wanted to be SCARED. It made my stomach tingle. And guess what? I'm not out there shooting up school classrooms. I have, quite literally, never hurt a fly.  I think we're too worried about what kind of example books and media give to our children. THEY DON'T - WE AS THE PARENTS DO. The media are meant as entertainment and release, and as long as we are our kids' role models that is all they will be.<br/>Read on. Just for the fun of it. Don't play the critic, just enjoy it.
 I waited so long for this book and was not disappointed with the almost 900 pages I got for my trouble.  I was also delighted to see that so many people were reading it!  I am a grad student and in the place wehere I work, everyone from the employee's kids to the security guards to the MDs had ordered it!  Rowling is SO real - the way she describes Harry's teenage inner thoughts and feelings is so intimate with the adolescent experience - just watching Harry struggle with that alone made the story interesting enough.  On top of that, I have always loved the fact that though the characters are witches and wizards, they succeed because of intelligence, practice, and bravery, not because something was just handed to them.  My only complaint about the book is that it hurt me deeply towards the end - I cannot say what that is because it is storyline related - you will know it when you see it (If it had to happen it should not have happened that way!). Lastly, I would like to say that I waited a very long time for this book, but as there must be some charm on it to keep people from putting it down, I finished it in one day.  Sooo... when is book 6 coming out?
 Wonderful, if extremely heavy. I raced through it, finishing in the early morning hours and now am left to wonder when the next installment comes out.<br/>Book five in the Harry Potter series well lives up to its predecesors. Harry has grown up as a result of the events in Goblet of Fire and is angry, and quite obviously teenaged throughout this book. Rowling maintains the vivid description and sly sense of humor  that characterize the early books.<br/>One caveat, I would definitely reccommend that parents of younger childeren give this one a read through before allowing their children to read it. There is no swearing and nothing remotely sexual in content but the book itself is fairly dark. The ending contains a surprise which may be shocking and highly upsetting for some younger children. I would say that if you have children under 12 you might want to read this with them as a family effort.<br/>The book itself is absolutely wonderful. Harry races through his 5th year, facing upcoming OWLS, a Hogwarts community with doubts about his sanity, a wizarding world which doubts the return of Voldemort and the worst Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher yet. A must read.
 The pages are thick and high quality feeling.  The illustrations are absolutely beautiful.  I would love to give this book 5 stars, however I cannot because the spine is cheaply made and will need to be handled with great care in order to last.  The gold print on the dust cover also scratches easily.
 I grew up on Harry Potter, and this is an amazing way to keep the legacy continuing into adulthood. Slowly replacing my collection with these beautifully illustrated copies. Came on time.
 Harry has aged 4 years since Sorceror's Stone; it shows in his attitude and the interactions of the other characters.  Since he is older and the story line more complex as the series progresses it becomes less accessible to the younger readers.  Humor continues here, though.  An adult reader can absorb the subtlties.  New fans of Potter may find this book hard to get into.  At 870 pages it is also a significant commitment of time.  During the summer this is possible.<br/>Key elements: Harry and his friends face a rift in the wizarding world because of his claim that a dark wizard has returned.  He faces resentment and censure.  At School he also faces new obstacles.  He is no longer the wonderkind of the first book.  The Dumbledore character is enchanting and mysterious as usual although the beginning of the book would have you believe that he is being unfair to Harry.  The Order of the Phoenix does unfold into a captivating yarn once settled in at Hogwarts.  In this book that's about page 200.  It is a fair installment in the Potter series, yet I think that the age appeal is creeping up.
 If you're going for the fifth book, you likely have already read the previous four and are hooked.  You won't be disappointed with Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix!
 The Goblet of Fire is about as long as the previous three Harry Potter books put together.  I was worried going into this that the magic would run out - that Rowling might have been caving under the pressure of having to produce a Harry Potter book each year.  Some of the reviews I had read suggested as much.<br/>Well, the magic is still going strong.  True, this is a long book (we do not arrive at Hogwarts until around page 200), but, like Harry, I want to spend as much time at Hogwarts as possible.  The story is just as engrossing here as in the previous novels.  This, in fact, may be my favorite so far.<br/>The story concerns a contest amongst several schools of wizardry.  The book begins with Lord Voldemort so I don't think I'm giving too much away by saying he has something interesting planned for Harry in the tournament.<br/>This is darker than the previous two books.  The similarity with Lord of the Rings becomes more apparent.  As Harry grows up, circumstances become more and more dire.  I have not yet read Order of the Phoenix, but I am looking forward to it.
 I bought this book as NEW and it came used with the cover torn. They knew it bc they took a piece of white paper and taped it over the rip. Not cool. Returning.
 Dreams, or Nightmares? Reality, or Dreams? Is Harry looking his mind, or is his mind really his own? Questions thought, but not answered. Then there's the Weasley's vs Umbridge.
 This is a story of a young boy who is left to live with his undesirous extended family after his father and mother die when he is one year old. His upbringing is not a pleasant one but does not affect Harry Potter negatively. When Harry is older he is whisked away to a school that will teach him wizardry and help him connect to his past. While at school Harry learns skills that help him fight an evil that is forever present. This book was full of adventure, mystery, and entertainment that pulls the reader into the story.<br/>  I rated this book 5/5 stars and highly recommend it.
 My childhood favorite, I had a hard time getting my 5th grade tho read the actual chapter book he has ADHD and prefers books with pictures. He read this and loved it, I will be purchasing the series! The pictures are very detailed and they are speared fairly evenly throughout the book!
 All in all another excellent pageturner from JK Rowling. Engaging and exciting, I read it all in an 9 hr sitting! It's not quite the kind of rollicking adventure of the previous books and isn't something I would advise for kids younger than 10 unless they're very mature. Harry is turning into an adult and the pressures and sadness of his life are starting to show. In a way, it's about time our favorite wizard was less than his quiet self. I know I'd have a temper with even half he's been through.<br/>A lot more of a downbeat story, this book manages to be good even though the heroes are suffering. What's good; Harry's characterization, general writing and storytelling.<br/>What's bad; a more convoluted plot that's confusing even to me, an adult, sometimes and that Mrs. Umbridge. I wanted to kick her!<br/>But I still cared about Harry, Dumbledore, Hermione, Ron and everyone else and I can't wait for the next book or to read it again. If you're a fan, you'll love it! If you're new to the series, start with anyone of the other books first.
 This is an excellently illustrated copy of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. It is definitely something every Harry Potter fan should consider to purchase and add to their library.
 Wow! What can I say but "wow"! "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" is fantastic! The book is 870 pages, 37 chapters, and has a whole lot of plot! In this 5th year at Horgoward, unlike other previous years, Harry Potter is a 15 year-old teenager. Some of the readers may find it disturbing to find out what he is doing at the year of 15. The transition between a kid and a man sure is painful and J.K.Rowling sure know how to describe it. You will find Harry Potter has more temper than before. His anger is exploded so many times in some first chapters and as the result, he gets so many detentions that I do not bother to count. Also in the story, Professor Dumbledor is removed and another professor with a personality like that of a snake takes his place. And that lady sure knows how to make Harry's life difficult. There are some surprises like Ron becomes Griffindor's prefect and keeper and Ginny has a boyfriend. The end of the story is very sad: the only person that Harry considers as a father and a brother dies (I'm not going to tell you his name, it's better for you to find out by yourself). Harry defeats the Dark Lord (again, as usual) and this time with the help of all his best friends and the people from D.A. To me, reading the 5th book of Harry Potter is like riding a roller-coaster: it takes me from thrills to thrills. Once you read the first page, you can't help reading the whole book.
 Bought as a gift but did have to page through it. Glad I did because some pages were cut a little off and then stuck together!?!? Not sure why but still liked it and the illustrations.
 Opening with a pent-up, fed-up Harry ready to blast Duddly through a brick wall in an ally-way, until two Dementors attack them, this 5th book is a wonderful companion piece to Metallica's St. Anger CD just release two weeks prior.<br/>Once again Rowling has so much story to tell that the pace never stops. Nearly every chapter ends as a cliff-hanger spilling you right into the next making the book nearly impossible to put down. I received this book at 7:00pm Saturday the 21st, and had completed reading by 5:00pm Monday.<br/>The basic story is this, Fudge refuses to accept Harry's and Dumbledores claim that Voldemort has returned, and nearly insane with fear that it may be true he launches a smear campaign against them. Hermione still has Rita Skeeter under control, but the daily prophet rages on drawing Dumbledore as a power mad old man and Harry as a cry-baby attention / headline seeker who will break any rule to be important. It gets worse when Fudge forces a controlling, lunatic assistant as Hogwarts Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. She quickly makes up new rules for Hogwarts as decrees from the ministry every time anything works against her (like threatening expulsion to any student reading a news paper that printed an interview with Harry detailing Voldemorts return.)<br/>Finally, though, the kids stand up and are heard. Gone are the days when Harry, Ron and Hermione (and there friends, now more involved than before) would hide and sneak around the teachers. This time they are upfront and demanding of their earned respect and place in the impending battle against the Dark Lord and his Death Eaters.<br/>This time around Voldemort is after a Prophecy, contained in a sphere in the Ministry of magic, it foretells his and Harry's fate from before Harry was born. The catch is, on those the prophecy relates to can touch it and not wanted to storm the ministry Voldemort must try to lure Harry there, but take it before Harry can find out what it says.<br/>Most of the moments we've been waiting for are here. We find out why Harry must always return to the Durselys and why he was really left there to begin with. Dumbledore finally sits down with Harry and tells him all that he knows and why he's done the things that he has, including being distant and secretive from Harry at times. We also gain a deeper insight on Snape and his quarrel with Harry's father. The relationship or not with Cho is explored and finalized, although the possible sexual tension between Ron and Hermione is not discussed although I expected them to keep bickering and screaming until they were all over each other. There is also a loss of life that results in Harry needing to decide his path and come to final grips with his sense of being alone.<br/>And, finally, Mooney, Lupin and Co. give the Durselys a little talking too concerning their treatment of Harry.<br/>Finally, this book concludes in a way that almost, but not quite ties everything other than who will win and how up. The ending is definitely more satisfactory than books 2,3 &amp; 4.<br/>What else to say, can't wait for books 6 &amp; 7, it keeps getting better.
 Each book in the Harry Potter series seems to be an improvement over the one before it. I've liked all of the books, but this one is my favorite so far. It starts out in the Riddle house, a change from the beginning of the first 3 books, which seems to signal that this book is darker than the others. From there we learn that Harry has been invited to the Quidditch World Cup with the Weasleys, which provides for comic relief as the wizards try to act like muggles. The plot moves fairly slowly throughout the book, but continues to flow nicely.  The only places it seems to stumble are with Hermione's battle to free the house elves (I still don't really see the point behind that plotline) and the lengthy fight between Ron and Harry.  The ending felt rushed in some places, but also seemed to take forever. All in all though, this book is definitely worth your time to read- no matter what your age. I just hope the 5th one comes out soon.
 A beautiful book with illustrations.  The only problem is it's size and weight, which may be a bit much for younger ones, but we'll see.  Giving it as a gift to a young reader.  Hoping he likes it!
 I just completed reading this lovely book. I had no preconceptions before I began reading as I never read any of the books before, haven't watched the movies, and, hopefully, pending a trip to Harry Potter world in Universal Studios.<br/><br/>I give this book a rating of 5 for it's creativity and it's fairly enjoyable style of writing. As an Orthopedic surgeon (R1) there is very little creativity in my daily life. Reading something magical and fun like this reminded me of how beautiful it is of an experience to dream.
 As an adult who grew up on JRR Tolkein and other Sci-Fi and fantasy greats, I am thrilled that the Harry Potter series has become so popular. My 11 year son waits just as eagerly for the next release as I do, and even though the books have gotten amazingly lengthy, we both rip through them as quickly as we can.<br/>When Goblet of Fire came out, he read through the entire book in 2 days, handed it over to me, and I stayed up until 5am so I could finish it as well. Since then we have lent it out to numerous friends and relatives who were equally in love with it.<br/>It has all the classic elements - good against evil, bullies, unfair situations, misunderstandings, the magic that can help you win even when all seems lost. If nothing else, it is encouraging millions of youngsters to read in an age that tv and computers are replacing books. I applaud J.K. Rowling and wish her all the success in the world.
 I have been a Harry Potter fan my entire life. Im just absolutely obesessed with it and this book is just as good as the first 2 books. The illistrations are so unique, I already know the book by heart but I'm still amazed at the art work.
 I am just amazed at J.K. Rowling's continually awesome imagination.  I was hoping, after counting down the days from when I preordered it in February, that I wouldn't be disappointed from hyping myself up too much. I should  have known all along that the book would be as entertaining and magical as  the first three.  Harry starts to do a lot of growing up in this book.  I  wish the series had come out when I was at a similar age as Harry, because  I think that Ms. Rowling has a wonderful knack at portraying the trials of  early adolescence and classmate rivalry.  But the most important point is  that one doesn't have to be a young adult to love the books. I find myself  calling mean people 'muggles'in place of less nice phrases, and wishing  that I could use Summoning Charms when I am too lazy to get off the couch  to get a ringing phone. I can't give enough stars to these books and can't  wait for the fifth book!
 I saw the movie first but the book is so much better.  I really enjoyed it because it adds so much more to the Harry Potter narrative and makes it a much more vibrant world.  I look forward to reading the next book in this series.
 This is the first chapter book my 5 year old will read.  While there isn't pictures on every page, there's enough sprinkled through to keep his interest.  Even non-pictured pages have interesting designs.  This book is well worth the money.
 I've read it before, before the movie even came out in my teens.<br/>I loved it then, I love it now. As always amazing character descriptions that pull you in, as she guides you through twists and turns I had forgotten about so I could be emerged in the magic once more.<br/>I can't wait to read the series to my daughter when she is a little bit older
 Like thousands of people, I lined up on Friday night at my local chainstore behemoth to buy the new "Harry Potter." I never expected a seven-hundred page doorstop, but here it is. (It is giving  nothing away to say that the plot of this book when added to the the story  arc of the planned seven-book series, reveals J.K. Rowling's master plan.)  If every hero needs a darkest hour (Luuuuuke. . . . I am your faaather),  this is it.<br/>If you are one of the nervous milquetoasts who have already  expressed misgivings about Rowlings' suitability for children, this book  will only confirm your fears, as the plot is even darker and demanding of  more emotional maturity than the third installment of the series "The  Prisoner of Azkaban." And this time, I can almost see your  point.<br/>Nevertheless, "The Goblet of Fire" mostly lives up to  the promise of the first three books. Rowling knows enough not to mess with  a winning formula so the plot follows the basic lines of the other--  encompassing one year at Hogwarts, starting and ending with Harry at the  Dursleys, etc. But this time there are so many extras and surprises both  pleasant and nasty that they sometimes threaten to overwhelm the forward  momentum of the plot. We finally find out about Neville Longbottom's  parents, other schools of magic, and a great many bits about the followers  of Voldemort (and really. . . if I need to explain any of this, you're in  the wrong place.) There's plenty of the old wonder and magic that the first  three books delivered so well, but these are met with a more complex  emotional landscape. This makes a certain amount of sense, as Harry is now,  what, fifteen years old?<br/>Like Steven King, Rowling seems to be developing  a chronic need to over-write her novels. The good side of this is that she  opens up a plethora of great plot lines for development in the later books  (Wait 'til you find out about Hagrid! )<br/>Personally, I feel that kids may  be exposed to almost anything if done with parental guidance, but some will  feel novel of this length and complexity might be pushing it. Rowling has a  knack for writing with an engaging magical simplicity, but the climax of  this book has nothing childlike about it.<br/>But before this review turns  long. . . "The Goblet of Fire" mostly fulfills the immense  promise of the first three, but Rowling can't make the scary parts any  darker without turning the corner into writing for adults. Nevertheless,  having finished it at two this morning, I'm going to pick it up again and  like the others in this series, start over at the beginning.
 If you're a true Harry Potter fan you don't want to miss out on this illustrated book!  I can't wait for the next book in the series. Absolutely amazing illustrations. You discover something new every time you look through the book.
 But what did we expect? It is JK Rowling.  This is a beautiful adaptation of these books.  I read the series as a child and now want to get my kids into them as well.  I got this illustrated version for my 8 year old daughter.  The artwork is just gorgeous and adds so much to the story.
 If you haven't heard of Harry Potter-you've been under a rock-read these books! A defining series of my generation-and obviously I love it! This is just the beginning of Harry's story, so it is very light hearted writing (although as an adult you can see more mature content you didn't see as a kid i.e. prejudice, child abuse, etc.), but as the story continues in the following books, the writing gets heavier. I have re-read the story multiple times in my youth and adult life, and I am always happy that I did. I purchased the kindle version so I could carry the series with me anywhere I go! Fun and easy read for adults, great underlying ideas for children (friendship, family, love, respect...) all wrapped up in a fun story about a boy wizard! Again, seriously, read this series if you haven't!
 My daughter needed this to read in her class. my husband stood in front of the teacher ordered the book and within two days she was riding along with the rest of her classmates.
 I absolutely love everything about these illustrated H P books!  I look at them over and over.  I am anxious for the Goblet of Fire to be released (my favorite).
 Every time I tasted reread this novel I find that I enjoy it more and more. This is the book where things start to get dark and the momentum of Harry's path starts to kick off.
 Took me one day to read the whole thing.  As the other four books, you just can't put it down.  After 3 long years of waiting this book was everything and nothing like I expected.<br/>Told in JRK's elegantly simple and complicated manner, she gives us a bigger view of HP's world.  No longer is the series confined to the school and its inhabitants, but focuses on the more important issues of what is going around in the wizarding world.  The war is about to begin, and the first battle takes place here.<br/>Expect a lot of information and none at all.  It gives you answers, but makes you ask more questions.<br/>Old characters are given new dimensions, and new characters are incredibly amusing.<br/>Ron comes from behind Harry's shadow, Hermione tones down, Neville gains confidence, Ginny shows she's a true Weasley, Fred and George keep you guessing, and Harry grows and learns more than ever.<br/>Other characters true colors, backgrounds and motivations are shown and/or hinted at.<br/>The battle rages on, and the war is just begun.<br/>JRK has made another incredibly wonderful novel, and I only hope book 6 &amp; 7 don't take this long to be written.  I don't think I could stand the wait.
 All of a s-s-sudden many of the  P-p-potter characters have d-d-developed a stuttering problem. Especially the women.  Is this the result of some sinister curse we weren't told about?<br/>  Harry's  NUMEROUS CAPITAL-LETTER TANTRUMS!! quickly become tiresome. Supposedly he throws  these constant fits because he's now an adolescent. Well, so are Ron and Hermione, and they  don't spend all their time shrieking in upper case.<br/>  Yes, Harry has a tough life and he's persecuted and misunderstood. But the extreme personality change is bizarre. Harry has become not likable .<br/>  It seems this adolescent illness has affected only Harry and Cho Chang.  Cho now whines a lot and has fallen under the dreaded stuttering curse.<br/> We had been  warned that an important character was going to be killed off in this book, and I was as curious as anyone else. By the time it happened, I didn't  care. The ending felt rushed and anticlimactic.<br/>  Professor Grinning Toad Umbridge was too utterly awful to be entertaining. Snape is cruel and evil too, but he's complicated, mysterious and therefore interesting.<br/> Hagrid's reason for being absent was unbelievably hokey and didn't  fit  with the plot. Maybe it will be revelant at some point.<br/>  One of the most cringe-producing parts of the story involves a  character being injured, which causes a speech impediment that  drags on for several pages. The first couple of "Stubefies!" were mildly amusing.  After that it god weally stubid.<br/>  Despite all my complaints, I read the whole 800-plus pages. Parts of it are captivating. But overall, "Order of the Phoenix" was  disappointing. I hope the next one is better.
 Took me one day to read the whole thing. As the other four books, you just can't put it down. After 3 long years of waiting this book was everything and nothing like I expected.<br/>Told in JRK's elegantly simple and complicated manner, she gives us a bigger view of HP's world. No longer is the series confined to the school and its inhabitants, but focuses on the more important issues of what is going around in the wizarding world. The war is about to begin, and the first battle takes place here.<br/>Expect a lot of information and none at all. It gives you answers, but makes you ask more questions.<br/>Old characters are given new dimensions, and new characters are incredibly amusing.<br/>Ron comes from behind Harry's shadow, Hermione tones down, Neville gains confidence, Ginny shows she's a true Weasley, Fred and George keep you guessing, and Harry grows and learns more than ever.<br/>Other characters true colors, backgrounds and motivations are shown and/or hinted at.<br/>The battle rages on, and the war is just begun.<br/>JRK has made another incredibly wonderful novel, and I only hope book 6 &amp; 7 don't take this long to be written. I don't think I could stand the wait.
 Good stuff:<br/>1. Hermione and Ron. Their romance moves along at a glacial pace. I'm not sure they are even aware of it, though it's been moving for years. Will their kids all look like Carrottop?<br/>2. Umbridge. The scariest words in the English language are: "We're from the government, and we're here to help you." She's a perfect example of why. But wouldn't it have been a better book if she had not been so completely evil?<br/>3. Snape. I felt sorry for him. How weird is that?<br/>4. Dumbledore. Not omniscient, and doesn't go quietly.<br/>5. McGonagall. Gotta love her.<br/>6. Padfoot. Wizardry's Most Wanted, and a concerned godfather. And his house elf turns into a full character too.<br/>7. Trelawney. Who knew?<br/>8. The Weasleys. All of them. Someday, Harry'll be even more part of the family than he is already.<br/>9. The Malfoys and their minions. Especially the grown-ups, who replace their children as Harry's foes. Oddly, the evil kids don't seem to be growing nearly as fast as the good guys.<br/>10. Longbottom. Speaking of how fast the good guys are growing....<br/>Rankles:<br/>1. Lockhart. Why?<br/>2. Hagrid was MIA. Apparently he has gone off to his own spin-off series. I know, what he was doing will be really important in the end, and his relationship with Harry was replaced with Padfoot's. Still, I missed his warmth.<br/>3. No Quidditch. Sure, there was too much other stuff going on and no room for it, but it wouldn't have hurt to mention the other 10 games of the season.<br/>4. Hermione knew things she couldn't have known. Several times, she just tossed out an amazing statement. Keep it moving, but c'mon.<br/>5. When the students stood up to the adults, they were way too good. Sure, they are the heroes and have to prevail in the end, but still, they're just kids.<br/>6. Harry slept too well. He has a recurring problem, but then it disappears.<br/>37. Chapter 37. Jeez, why have the rest of the story when you just sit down at the end for 25 (!) pages of exposition that tells us what we learn from this whole adventure.
 I understand that this book has sold more copies more quickly than any book in history, and that Amazon took pre-orders for around $3 million for it.  Impressive.  The story itself is not quite that awe-inspiring, but that's good news; if Harry's latest adventure were that brilliant, I can practically guarantee that people wouldn't love it as much as they do.<br/>We begin where Harry's adventures always begin; he's safe and miserable at the home of his disgusting relations, longing for the Hogwarts School and anxious for news from his friends.  Well, he eventually gets both - no prizes for guessing that bit.  This time, significantly, getting back to school and to his friends provides no relief, for several reasons.  First, much of the wizarding world thinks he's either crazy or lying about his previous experiences.  Second, his adult allies give him little or no information about how much danger he is in, from where, or what they are doing about it.  And third, although it is not spelled out, he gets no relief because he's turning into a teenager.<br/>(He's been a technical teenager for a couple of years now, of course, but now he really starts to act like one.  Never mind bloodthirsty enemies, horrible relatives and a cowardly Ministry of Magic - becoming a teenager is serious.)<br/>You've heard all the rumors about what happens next, of course.  Suffice to say that Harry and his growing corps of buddies spend the next several hundred pages fighting the evil wizard Voldemort, the reactionary elements in the Ministry of Magic, the snobs and thugs in Slytherin House at school, and the usual gang of idiots.  Nothing new there.  So do you really need to worry that someone will tell you how it all turns out?  No, you don't - you already know how it all turns out, that's why you're reading the book in the first place.<br/>Well, that and a few other things, but let's be honest; anyone who reads any popular fantasy series, including Harry Potter, and expects daringly original plotting is a fool.  Ms. Rowling is neither a brilliant prose stylist nor a devastatingly original thinker.  What she is, more so with each volume in her series, is a teller of rattling good yarns that carry a deep but deftly handled understanding of a young person's psychology.<br/>Why, for instance, is "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" so dark in tone?  Because the life of a fifteen-year-old, wizard or not, can be a dark place at times.  Let me ask you this: If you, like Harry, were a teenage boy forced to spend weeks and weeks with people you loathed, after suffering dreadful losses at the hand of someone who hated your every cell and was still out and about, and after you had unequivocally shown several times how brave and skillful you were - how would you react if every adult in your life said "Just sit tight, dear, you wouldn't understand anyway, you let us handle it"?  You'd be an angel of light, would you?<br/>I don't think so, buddy.  On the other hand, if you, like Harry, have a normal level of decency, you would not throw temper tantrums every five minutes, either.  You would behave as Harry does here - you would struggle against bitterness and frustration, you would try to be kind to your friends, and once in a while you would lose it and nail everyone in sight right between the eyes.<br/>All of this is right on target, as anyone knows who has raised an adolescent boy, had dealings with an adolescent boy, or been an adolescent boy.  What's more, Harry in this book must contend not only with a highly pressurized attempt to grow up, but also with the true unpolished memory of his father, the mysterious minds of girls, and his role as a leader - to say nothing of the ongoing threats to his life and sanity.  All of those, except the last (I wish), fall to the lot of every maturing teen.  People wonder why Ms. Rowling's books get thicker with every passing Hogwarts year?  Well, so does the life of an adolescent.<br/>I cannot agree with those who gasp with delight at every Harry Potter development or trumpet the series as the best of all time, hence I must give "Order of the Phoenix" four stars rather than five.  (I should add that, although I actually consider "Goblet of Fire" the best Potter story to date, it outdoes "Order of the Phoenix" by only a hair's breadth.)  On the other hand, I re-read the first volume not long ago, and as good a read as it was, it was pretty formulaic as compared with "Phoenix".  Like I said, Ms. Rowling improves fast, and her series has indeed developed into something that approaches the unique.  As a teacher, I would stop worrying about any young person who loves Harry Potter - such a youngster has a brain and a heart, very good news considering how popular these books have become.  And who knows - if I were 15 years old and reading this story for the first time, from the pen of a writer who really seemed to understand what I was going through, maybe I really would say it's the best series of all time.<br/>Benshlomo says, Fantasy - it isn't just for babies anymore.
 The book, of course, is good. Most people know what they're getting into when they start their journey into the World of Witchcraft &amp; Wizardry. That being said, the narration is less than admirable.<br/><br/>There's very little emotion and fluctuation in his voice. "Dursleys!", Hagrid said in a BOOM. A BOOM, not a monotone drawl that sounds like a boy whispering so they don't wake someone nearby.<br/><br/>I'm satisfied with the speed of the narration. Enunciation is good, but there are several instances that leave me wanting more.
 Great way to get my five year old into reading Harry Potter by herself.  The font is large and the pictures are gorgeous.  There are enough pictures to keep her interested all the way through.  I'm very happy I purchased this book.
 Given that there are over 3000 reviews of this book as I type this, I had to read the 1 Star reviews to see what people had problems with in regards to Phoenix.<br/>Ok let�s cover what I feel were positives about the book:<br/>1. Harry grows up.  What do people expect that he will be the naive 11 year old of Sorcerer's Stone forever?  Harry delves into emotions he has never experienced before.  Harry pops off and shares his emotions (he's always done that, it's just before now they've mostly been happy ones).  Guess what 15 year olds are moody, don�t know how to handle emotions well and some times make bad choices.  Harry is a normal teen (wizard), even if he is special.<br/>2. JK makes 870 pages fly by.  There is no doubt that it is long; however, I am equally confident that in some ways the book is too short.  My one complaint is that she failed on some of the details that we have come to love (like the House Cup, Dumbledore's end of term speech, etc).  Sure you could have cut out some parts and sure she could have expanded others, but the bottom line is the story is still great and JK had a lot of explaining to do and she did it.  Basically she wrapped up most of the questions asked in the first four books, even if she left the "little details" of book 5 unfinished.<br/>3. Book 5 is all about answering questions.  It is almost as if the first three books detailed the life of wizards with a weak and non-"alive" Voldemort and book four and five deal with a "live" Voldemort and the damage he is capable of inflicting.  This means six and seven must be about the conclusion and the completion of the prophecy.  Not quite three trilogies (shout out to star wars fans) but close enough and more than enough books to sufficiently cover the subject.<br/>4. The character to die was in fact the most likely character to do.  His sense of bravado, ego, and love for Harry were all mixed into his recklessness and risk taking which lead to his death.  Could the scene have been written better, probably, but in the end, JK did just fine and I will cut her some slack on this one because killing him was hard.<br/>5.  We learn more about the future.  O.W.L.�s and possible careers are discussed even though we full well know what Harry�s future career will be (if he survives I assume), however there are many sociological facts and features in the book as well which give us a closer look to this special community.<br/>I mentioned earlier my only negative and I did catch one error, Hermoine and Harry have their wands confiscated by Malfoy before they march in the forest, yet they have them in the Ministry and JK never explains how they got them back.  Hmm.<br/>I loved this book and look forward to re-reading it soon.  It�s worth it�s price in gold because it will be read again by my kids someday, as a part of the one of the most fantastic tales ever.
 (This was written by my 7 year old daughter): The Sorcerer`s Stone is the best book I have ever read!!! It in involves dying . There are 3 best friends Harry, Ron, and Hermiane . They are at a school called Hogwarts for wizards and witches. There are four houses Griffandor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slitherin. They are houses for students to live in at school. They go on adventures that involve magic and mysteries. I recommend this book for ages 7 and up.Don`t watch the movie before you read the book.
 I'd heard about the furor over whether the Harry Potter books were suitable for children, and so I welcomed the opportunity to read it when the lady sitting next to me on an airplane let me borrow it for the flight.  (Fortunately it's light reading and I'm a fast reader.)  Our conclusions  were the same: it certainly *is* suitable for children, and adults as well.  It's fun, light, and describes the activities of a schoolboy trying to be  good (probably harder than most real schoolboys).  Personally, I saw no  hint of any of the darker aspects I've heard ascribed to it; I rather  suspect the ascribers hadn't read it, but were jerking their knees over  'hot-button' words like 'magic' and 'sorcery.'  I wouldn't hesitate to  recommend this book to *anyone*, of any age.
 While I was glad to finally have some of my questions answered and to be given information that will probably be important for the next two books, I found OOP quite long and overly expositive.  I once had a writing teacher who insisted we "show, don't tell."  I think Rowling could have used this advice.  Harry doesn't even get to school until page 200!  It was nice to visit old friends after three years.  Sometimes I found it hard to drown the voices of the child actors who portrayed the main characters in the movies, but by page 400, Harry and friends where talking in the voices I heard them use before the movies came out.  There were a few inconsistencies--including one where Harry loses his wand and somehow has it back in the next chapter!  (If you know what page it was returned to him on, please let me know, because I couldn't find it anywhere!)  The changes in Harry, Ron and Hermione as they are becoming young adults are great!  Tempers flare a lot more in this latest installment.  In all, an enjoyable read.
 I am reading the books along with my 7 year old granddaughter who does not live nearby. We discuss the chapters via Facetime on our IPhones.  She remembers all the names.  I need to take notes as I read so I can keep up with her.  It is a great experience.
 I thought the movie was great this book is better There are so many details that a movie just can't get into.Read this to learn what the movie left out or changed  You will enjoy it
 First things first--if you're a Harry Potter fan, which means if you enjoyed any of the other Harry Potter books--go ahead and rush your order, you won't be disappointed.<br/>I read the whole thing in one great mass and I'm grateful for every minute of it--and ever so jealous of JK Rowlings. How does she keep doing it? This book was as good as the first four; if I had to choose, I'd put it better than 1, 3, and 4, and almost as good as number 2. I read it in six solid hours (wonderful hours!) today and am ready to start over again first thing in the morning.<br/>Harry has grown. He's not an 11 year old anymore. He's 15 and everything he does makes that clear. He's angry and passionate and troubled; he's a teenager with every breath he takes. But for the fourth book in a series to stir so many questions is really quite amazing: I want to know more about Tonks, more about Neville, more about the centaurs, more about Luna. The one thing this book makes clear is that another one is coming and is absolutely required--believe me, you'll want to read the next as soon as you've finished this one. But at the same time, this is a thoroughly satisfying read. Every page was worthwhile. It's not often I finish a 870 page book and wish there were more to go!
 The last movie in what has been a huge part of my life is coming out in 5 days, so about a month ago, I decided that I would reread the whole series, in the hopes of falling in love with the magic all over again. It was then that I realized that I had hardcover versions of every book except the first. So of course, I hopped on Amazon, ordered this book and it arrived promptly  the next day]. I've read all except the last book at this point, and if there's one thing that I can say, it's that Harry Potter has changed my life.<br/><br/>If you're here looking for a review of the story, just know this. Read the book. Allow yourself to be moved by the magic and use the magic to move those around you. You'll laugh, you'll cry and you may fall in love. Just read.
 Need an excuse to re-read HP and the Sorcerer's Stone?<br/>Excellent excuse! Buy it! Animation works great on Kindle and not at all on my tiny Android phone, but you definitely want something bigger than a phone to enjoy all the illustrations. Wonderful edition!
 Order of the Phoenix is by far Ms. Rowling's longest, darkest, and best addition to the Harry Potter series.  The familiar cast of characters returns (with some memorable additions!) and Rowling fleshes out these characters and their personalities even further than she has done in her past books.  The same goes for the plot: it is more intricate and layered than any of her books to date.  Harry and company are faced with difficult decisions in a world that is increasingly grey, as distinctions between good and bad, right and wrong become as unclear as ever.<br/>Best of all, this book maintains the magical quality, impressive depth, and mystical attraction that has become the standard for the Harry Potter series.  The book is almost 1000 pages, but I will imagine most readers, if they are like me, will not be able to put it down until they are finished.  Please, Ms. Rowling: don't make us wait another three years for the continuation of this saga!<br/>Another excellent book!
 At long last, the fifth book has made its way, page by page, past my eager little eyeballs. I liked it. I would have been very surprised not to have liked it, to be fair, but even so.<br/>One thing that I think Rowling has done well is to avoid making Harry into some sort of perfect Golden Boy. He makes mistakes. He has character flaws. In book 5 he has turned into quite the grumpy, moody adolescent, in fact. The "bad guys" are still almost uniformly evil, though, which I think could be softened a touch. They could be a bit more three dimensional.<br/>Regardless, the book was full of action and sub-plots and was a very fun read. We do learn a lot more about the backstory in this one, which is nice. We see a lot more of Dumbledore as well, which is fun.
 My daughter loves this!  She can't put the book down and will read the whole series as I had promised her I would take her to Universal Studios after she finishes.
 As he enters his fifth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, 15-year-old Harry Potter is growing up.  In addition to experiencing the typical woes of a young man his age and embarking on his first romantic relationship with a fellow student, Harry also faces his greatest opposition yet in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix," the fifth installment of J.K. Rowling's series.<br/>This book is the darkest novel in the series thus far, and it opens with Harry increasingly angry and frustrated with his life.  He resents that he has been sent back to live with his abysmal Muggle relatives, who have come to resent Harry more than they ever have before.  Harry is also anxiously awaiting news from his friends from the magical world about the status of Lord Voldemort, the evil dark wizard restored to life at the end of "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.<br/>Harry soon finds himself at the center of a vicious defamation campaign headed by the Ministry of Magic, which is determined to prove that rumors about the Dark Lord returning are false.  The Order of the Phoenix, a group of witches and wizards who are trying to show the Ministry that Voldemort has indeed returned, helps Harry in his time of need and also vows to bring Voldemort's power to an end.<br/>The challenges of being a fifth-year student at Hogwarts also complicate Harry's life in book five.  He finally has a chance to explore his romantic feelings for Cho Chang, but given the tragic events that occurred at the end of "Goblet of Fire," Harry's first real relationship with a girl hits some major bumps along the way.  All of the fifth-year students are busy preparing to take their Ordinary Wizarding Levels at the end of the year, and the stress of studying, topped off with the hormonal and emotional changes that Harry is experiencing, result in his toughest year yet.<br/>In addition to many familiar characters, Rowling introduces many new characters in book five.  Harry finally gets to know the real Mad-Eye Moody, who has recovered from Voldemort's stunning spell and is now one of the key members of the Order.  In addition, Harry meets Nymphadora Tonks, a klutzy and outgoing Metamorphusmagus/Auror.  Another new face is Kreacher, a merciless old house elf who does not appreciate what the Order is trying to do, and Dolores Umbridge, the most belligerent Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher that Hogwarts has ever had.  Earlier characters whom readers will likely be surprised to see again also make appearances.  As becomes obvious in book five, many of the characters in Harry's life are connected in ways he never imagined.<br/>"Phoenix" is different from the other books in the series in several ways.  Harry is definitely growing up, and he's beginning to resent the fact that his life has been soured in so many ways.  For most of the book, Harry feels as if the people he has come to rely on the most aren't being completely honest with him. That infuriates Harry to no end.  After all, it was Harry who managed to escape from Voldemort's grasp at the end of book four, so why won't anyone tell him what the Dark Lord is up to now?<br/>In book five, Harry is quick to anger and doesn't hesitate before lashing out at anyone who has wronged him in some way.  His anger is definitely justified, however, (who can blame the kid for being upset about the murder of his parents, the unkindness of his only living relatives, and the fact that Lord Voldemort seems as if he will stop at nothing until Harry is dead?) and he is still just as likeable and sympathetic a character as ever.<br/>The end of the novel fits the same formula of Rowling's other novels: there is a lengthy battle from which Harry manages to escape, but a beloved character meets an untimely end.  The scene is terribly sad, and as a result of what happens, one of Harry's elders decides to reveal the truth about Harry's destiny.  Although this new information is something that has always been implied, it is finally declared outright and paves the way for the challenges that Harry will undoubtedly face in the final two novels of the series.<br/>Since this is the longest book in the series so far, it also drags a bit in spots, especially toward the middle when the story revolves around Harry's time at school. The major action in the story takes place in the last fifty pages or so.  A formula typical of all Rowling's books and therefore something of a letdown, since fans know the sequence of events by heart.<br/>However, book five is the most emotional book in the series so far, as Rowling paves the way for the final two books.  Harry's relationships with other people are becoming increasingly complicated, and this book rises above its predecessors in terms of maturation and character development.  While the Harry Potter series is still appropriate for kids, it's difficult to classify "Phoenix" as a children's book, since it explores themes that are much darker than any depicted in the first four books.  Harry and his friends are getting older, and their interests are evolving.  Also, since Voldemort is continuing to gain power, his confrontations with people have become increasingly violent, which means that small children might find some things in the book frightening.  However, older readers are likely to declare this as Rowling's best work to date.<br/>At the end of the book, a second war against Voldemort and his Death Eaters appears imminent.  There are plenty of questions that need to be answered, and an inevitable battle looms on the horizon, but it's unlikely that it will take place before book seven.<br/>The only thing we can be sure of at this point is that as soon as readers finish this book, they'll start clamoring for book six.
 Joe Rowling has once again out done herself. Her latest book Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix casts Harry into a fresh wave of anxiety write from the start, when he can't fail to notice that Dumbledore has seem to forgotten him. What's worse is that Harry also seems to develop more of a sting in his personality that has been getting him into more trouble than usual, especially with the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Of course, there are still messes from last year that haven't been cleaned up. Harry has to deal with old school enemies, and the Ministry of Magic, which stoops to new lows to discourage the fact that Voldermort has really returned. The reason I rate the book so high is because it is truly an experience reading it. I guarantee that by the end you will have experienced every type of emotion known to man. At times, the words on the pages begin to sound so real and swirled with feelings that you would swear the whole thing was really happening. Joe Rowling has successfully written Harry Potters 5th year at Hogwarts.
 I enjoy Harry Potter series books. The author, JK Rowling, must have deep understanding of teenagers' feeling and their reactions to different situations. I think we lost most of it when we grow up and become shrewd and calculated. Too bad.
 Rowling's books just keep getting better and better.  Each book in the Harry Potter series takes the characters to a new level.  They continually become more complex and interesting.<br/>One of the things that I love  about these books is the development of the teachers as integral  characters.  Each book introduces a new and interesting - sometime  frightening and sometimes entertaining - teacher.  Meanwhile, the returning  teachers grow in their depth.  I am constantly wondering if Professor Snape  is truly evil or if he has more good hiding inside him than I would  guess.<br/>The Triwizard Tournament was a fascinating twist to the usual  Quidditch Cup and gave the reader new ideas to ponder, as well as exanding  the world of wizards and witches beyond the realms of Howarts.<br/>While  some might want to be warned that this book is more frightening than some  of the previous episodes, readers ready for the adventure will be more than  rewarded for their efforts.  This is a truly wonderful read.
 ...I found myself distressed as I read of Harrys angst through the initial chapters.  As I continued, however, I started to remember my own troubled experience of being 15.  J.K. Rowling absolutely NAILS this difficult stage of growing up.  My affinity for Harry deepened as I accelerated my reading through the chapters.<br/>Great fiction is defined, in my mind, as a set of charcters struggling with timeless themes that are universal in their appeal to us all.  I held my breath as I re-lived my first kiss, my resentment of my paternal figures and the awkwardness of being 15.  If anything, Harry came more alive to me in his confusion, anger and angst in this 5th chapter of the series.<br/>I can't immagine the pressure, as a writer, to constantly surpass the expectation of a series so widely heralded as the Harry Potter series.  Yet, Ms. Rowling seems not only to have met but exceeded her previous marks.<br/>As an appreciative reader - my heartiest Thank You! for creating and sustaning this serial adventure.
 Talk about realism in young adult fiction!  Ms. Rowling has captured the angst &amp; confusion of those first awful years of hormones!<br/>I did enjoy this-- there's no attempt made to sugar-coat life or experiences here.  Ms. Rowling is not afraid to explore some of the less pleasant occurances in most adolescents' lives-- awkwardness &amp; confusion about the opposite sex; adults who excercise dictatorial powers over students just 'cause they can; adults trying to deal with serious events without sitting down &amp; giving real information to 'the children' who are not exactly children anymore; etc.<br/>Younger (say under age 11) children may not enjoy this book at the moment, but the teen audience should be able to identify well with the tummalt of emotions presented in this book.<br/>The plot development here gives Ms. Rowlings many different ways to go in the next 2 books of the series.  Now just waiting for the next installment....<br/>Another great book for the series!
 If your children are in an "Accelerated Reader" program at school and looking for books to keep them interested while improving their AR level .. look no more. The Harry Potter series is exactly what you'll need. My daughter meets her goals before everyone in the class and asks for more books. It was a very good decision to purchase this.
 This is an Audible version I'm reviewing and it was awesome! If there was anything different from the American versions of the books I didn't notice nor did I care. It's a truly loved story and the narration was excellent.
 This is the first time I have ever read Harry Potter. It is also the first time I finished a book on the kindle App. I will definitely be busy reading all the other books in the series. Oh, and watching all the movies as well. This was by far one of the most exciting adventures I have read about. It ranks up there with the Lord of the Rings series. I felt as though I was at Hogwarts the whole time I was reading. Couldn’t be more pleased and satisfied with a book.
 Back when I was relatively young (mid 20s), I read a book by Stephen King called "On Writing." At the back of that non-fiction book, he had a list of a lot of his recommended books, and among others it listed the 1st 3 Harry Potter books. I was kind of surprised because even though I knew they were wildly popular at that time, I also knew that they were just children's books. I still hadn't made up my mind to read them yet, until I saw the trailer to the first movie. I decided to take a chance and buy and read the first book just to see if all the hype was real. I was hooked by the end of the first chapter, and read the whole book in just 1 day. The next day i went back to the store to buy books 2 and 3, the only ones on paperback at that time, and finished those 2 in another 3 days. I tried really hard to wait for paperback on book 4, but I just couldn't do it, and I bought the 4th in hardcover and it took 2 or 3 days (it's pretty long). Needless to say, I think this was the best book series I have ever read, and book 1 is a great beginning to an epic tale. Highly recommended.
 I prefer the original title. Just started by far-reaching of the series with the illustrated motion version. Loved it! As to story it was pure enjoyment to relive again.
 The book was on my doorstep when I woke up on July 8. I finished by dinner July 9. I kept putting it down, I wanted to savor it. Who knows how long it will be until book five is published. But I could not stop. I had to know  the outcome of the Triwizard competition.<br/>This book is darker than the  first three. There is death, not just in the distant past, but within  Hogwarts. There are the premonitions of wide spread evil to come. But there  is still the underlying foundation that most people (wizards and muggles  alike) are good. That light will prevail over the darkness.<br/>A friend  with a six-year-old has decided to wait a while before continuing the  series with her child. Each parent should judge for themselves whether  their child is ready to handle the darkness.<br/>I am now waiting impatiently  for the Harry's Fifth year at Hogwarts to start. I think it will be the  darkest yet. And I hope it is just as long and full of details as the  Goblet of Fire.
 We've been HP fans since we discovered it when the second book was released.  Even though we have the series already, we love these books for the amazing art.  Looks like we'll have 2 complete series!
 J.K. Rowling delivers again! This book was a great read, but very different from the past. Firstly, Harry is one angry guy in this book. Definitely a typical teen. This book is alot darker than the other ones. The new defense against the dark arts teacher is the best villain since Lord Voldemort. Her scenes with Harry are great. Alot of the time you will be wondering where Rowling is going with certain things, but its all explained in the end. I enjoyed the fact that Neville Longbottom is a much stronger character in this book, and not so much of a loser. Rowling goes into more detail in this book about things she just glossed over in the others, such as Harry's relationship with Cho Chang, What happened to Neville's parents at the hands of Lord Voldemort, why Professor Snape hates Harry so much, and Sirius Blacks life before he went to Askiban. As for the "big secret" of who dies. I am not going to spoil it. Let's just say that it wasn't who I expected, but it made sense in the story. This book won't disappoint. I read it in 12 hours, and did little else!
 A couple of months ago, I asked my ten year old grandnephew Joe what he'd been reading lately.  He proceeded to tell me about an unbelievable game called 'Quidditch', a wondeful place called 'Hogwarts', and an out of place  but very special person, Harry Potter.<br/>OK, it's not Tolkien, Tolstoy,  Shakespeare, Gabaldon or Uris.  J.K. Rowling communicates a remarkable  perception of childhood fears, and the abdurd, out of place, self-defensive  nature of early teenagers in an upsetting, unknown, uncertain and very  dangerous world.<br/>Sorcerer's Stone is a fun read, replete with magical  family heirlooms, talented sturigiforms and other family 'pets', plot  twists that are interesting and unexpected, and solid, growing friendships  between characters of very different age, size, likes, personalities and  abilities.<br/>Remarkably, diversity and respect for the individual play a  strong part in this and later Harry Potter adventures.  Harry gets pushed,  but doesn't push back too hard.  His response to negative people and events  is to wonder why, not to strike out - even when facing a deadly  enemy.<br/>The recommendation for 9 to 12 year olds must be based entirely on  the reading level, rather than the content.  Adult readers will enjoy  Sorcerer's Stone as a relaxing 'between book' as much as young readers  enjoy it as recreational reading.<br/>But beware! If a group of kids sees you  reading this book, expect to be quizzed on every detail!
 I paid 15.52 to Amazon.com LLC for this product.<br/><br/>I bought this for the first time since I was a kiddo. I am reading it to my daughters 8 and 10, both a few years farther along in maturity. They are just as mesmerized with the Harry Potter world as I was :).<br/><br/>Couldn't recommend more.
 We are Harry Potter fans, and now have the joy of watching our grandchildren start in on the magic. The book is breathtakingly beautiful. A real heirloom. We buy one a year for each family, and they will pass it on down as the kids get old enough to read them.
 Book was bought for my son who enjoyed reading this series of Harry Potter Books, books can sometimes be long but kept his interest through the series, great book for traveling.
 I've long loved this book and was excited to read it to my son. I tried reading the paperback version to him in 1st grade, but he was NOT interested. He's very visual and still avoids books with no pictures. So we bought the illustrated version, and now (in 2nd grade), he loves it. We just bought the 2nd book in the illustrated version to start reading with him.<br/>I also love the illustrations myself. They're great for kids but also are artistic enough to interest adults.
 This is the third of my daughter's Harry Potter collections. Hardback editions, Pop! Figures, and now these beautiful illustrated editions. Her younger sister may read them first. Brilliantly rendered.
 No longer can you identify with the star of the story, as he irrationally turns on his friends for following his previously revered Dumbledore's advice, and acts irrationally throughout the rest of the story as well.  The story is like a can of worms opened up all at once - a million story lines suddenly popping out at the same time, and most do not get wrapped up satisfactorily in the end, and detract from the main story line.  The main story line is lame, making "you know who" go all out and sacrifice his best deatheaters for something of very little value to his cause.  The ending is hurried, as though the author suddenly realized that 600 pages had passed and the book was nowhere near ending.  Accordingly, it is a predictable, unimpressive, unchallenging ending without any logic or "wow" appeal.  Good guy comes in, wraps it all up, people suddenly change their minds, all is right with the world again, all in a few pages at the end.  Very unsatisfying.  Throughout the book, all rules, restrictions and bets are off as to any set in previous books.  All previous personalities have radical changes and after this fiasco, Hogwarts could never return to be the haven it once was.  Ghost written?
 These books are the best. I've read them a hundred times and I fall for the characters a little more each time. I love these books more than any others! I fall in love with them with every turn of the pages. I want to give a thank you to Mrs. Rowling for giving me this escape from reality. 💜💜💜
 I loved reading the original books but when they came out with these, my son has a real interest in them because of the pictures, it help keep him focused on the story.
 Harry Potter's 4th year at Hogswarth does not disappoint! As this new adventure begins, we find Harry's nemesis is at it again, trying to regain a foothold in the real world. The prediction of Madame Trelorne was  actually correct, and Wormtail is definitely assisting him in attempt at a  return to power. This is one of only hundreds of things that happen to  Harry, Hermani, and Ron in this latest installment. Definitely an excellent  read, for adults as well as children. I could not put it down, and had to  fight with my son over who's turn it was to sit and read. The entire Harry  Potter series has opened a whole new world of reading to thousands of  children, my own included! Although the subject matter is a tad scary, and  the book is very long, over 700 pages, it will not deter even the youngest  fan of the series from reading it from cover to cover, no matter how long  it takes! The only draw back to this book; that we will have to wait over a  year to find out what happens to Harry at his 5th year in Wizarding School!
 I bought this book for my 9 year old as his first “big kid” type of book. He has officially finished reading all of the Captain Underpants and Diary of a Wimpy Kid books so moving forward I wanted him to have something that will challenge him and hold his attention. I was only slightly worried that he would get board since this will be the first book he has read that doesn’t have any comics or doodles throughout the pages to hold interest.<br/><br/>Let’s face it, Harry Potter needs no introduction. My book arrived in about half of my estimated shipping time in emasculate condition. My son has been reading it for about a week now and is coming up to the halfway mark. He even woke up extra early before school the other day to get some reading in (proud mama/bookworm moment).<br/><br/>Don’t forget to encourage you kids to read.<br/><br/>“I have lived a thousand lives and I’ve loved a thousand loves. I’ve walked on distant worlds and seen the end of time. Because I read.” – George R.R. Martin
 Purchased this as a gift and it’s a very lovely book. Pictures are well done and the book is much larger than the non-illustrated version. The only reason I’m giving four stars has nothing to do with the product and everything to do with the packaging when shipped. The book was placed in with other items and when it arrived, many of the pages were bent. The book should have been wrapped in plastic to prevent issues.
 These are great. Though it seems they stopped after this one and made fantastic beasts and cursed child ones instead. Finish the og series please
 While I thoroughly enjoyed this literary work, I must point out that the characters involved bear a ~very~ close resemblance to the principle characters in the 1986 Made for TV movie entitled, "The Worst Witch."  The similarities are startling.  However...<br/><br/>I must say that I was hooked on the first few paragraphs.  This work, while not necessarily well-written, is quite well conceived, with enough of an expanded vocabulary usage to warrant reading with a dictionary at your side.  This is great for children who are learning, and adults who wish to increase their reading skills.<br/><br/>The characters are developed well enough to keep us interested, but not so well as to delineate their full potential; a culpable ploy which leaves the reader wanting more.<br/><br/>I love the magical world created by Ms. Rowling, I find the plot to be treacherously sinister, and the twists and clues are darkly intriguing.  I highly recommend this entire series to anyone with an imagination.  Regardless of your age, there is something here for you.
 This book is even more beautiful than I could have imagined. I have my old books, sure, but reading HP1 again in this format has given me a renewed love for the series I fell in love with as a child. This is a wonderful keepsake.
 Of all the Harry Potter books, I think Order of the Phoenix is the most difficult to read. -Not because it's bad (as if), or because it is dark (it is, but there is plenty of mirth interspersed with the darkness), but because Harry is subjected to unrelenting injustice on all fronts and the sympathetic reader (me), will, literally, ache for him. Harry is no stranger to injustice, of course: he grew up being mistreated by his Muggle guardians, the Dursleys. He's always been treated unfairly by Potions Master Severus Snape. At various points in his Hogwarts career, he's also had to suffer widespead ridicule and shunning by his schoolmates (most notably in Chamber of Secrets, when many thought he was the Heir of Slytherin, and again in Goblet of Fire, when his selection as the fourth Triwizard champion inspired the resentment and jealousy of many, including his best friend). In Order of the Phoenix, however, Harry is more persecuted and ostracized than ever. For reasons he can't understand, his mentor, Albus Dumbledore, won't speak to or even look at him. Also, in a bid to discredit his claim that the evil Lord Voldemort has returned to full power, the Ministry of Magic and the main wizarding news source, The Daily Prophet, are spreading the word that Harry is crazy, unbalanced, and possibly dangerous -- and some of his schoolmates are only too willing to believe the propaganda.<br/><br/>Worse yet, not only has the Ministry turned on Harry, it has infiltrated his home base, Hogwarts. When Dumbledore can't find anyone to take on the jinxed Defense Against Dark Arts teaching position, the Ministry installs the cloyingly sweet and noxiously poisonous Delores Umbridge. Umbridge is my personal favorite villian in a series with a lot of baddies: she is maddeningly, gut-churninging, teeth-grindingly NASTY. I hate her. Harry hates her. Hermione hates her, teacher's pet though Hermione usually is. Even Minerva McGonagall, who has always been crisply polite (though occasionally cutting) to even the most incompetent fools (see Gilderoy Lockhart), hates Umbridge and cannot keep a civil tongue around her.<br/><br/>As the year progresses and the Ministry passes new laws to increase Umbridge's authority while undermining Dumbledore's, Umbridge strips joy from Harry's life wherever she can. She tortures him in detentions. She bans him from quidditch. She intercepts his mail and watches the fireplaces so he can't communicate with Sirius, the closest thing to family he's got. Eventually, she banishes those teachers who have always provided Harry with comfort and guidance.<br/><br/>Never has Harry been so alone, and this extreme isolation comes at the worst possible time. Harry has always been able to trust his instincts in the past, but now even his thoughts are untrustworthy. Not only is he full of the usual teenage angst and anger, but Voldemort may be able to infiltrate and influence Harry's mind. The Ministry is trying to convince the world that Harry is crazy and evil, and suddenly, deep down inside, Harry can't be certain that he isn't.<br/><br/>This is probably the darkest book in the series. It's early days in the war against Voldemort and the Death Eaters, and there are greater losses yet to come, but this is the book where Harry's faith in himself is at its nadir. Until his overcomes this crisis of confidence and learns to master his own mind, he cannot begin to fight the battles that will come.
 The pictures are awesome, even if the books are written for a little older age bracket than my kids they definitely enjoy looking at the pictures while I read it to them!
 Summary:<br/>This is the 4th book in the Harry Potter series.  It follows the same style, darkening tone, similar formulas as the prior three books -- new mode of transport / new magic device, new Dark Arts Teacher that is obviously a bad guy and nice convenient wrap-up of the various elements introduced.  I would have given this 5 stars if there is not the huge plothole of why does Harry have to be the winner of the Triwizard tournament when undercover Death Eater could have just given Harry a Potkey at anyone point in the year.<br/><br/>Setting:<br/>Rowling continues to develop a great fantasty milieu for YA (Young adults).  The world is a great combination of mundane and magical.  The World Cup of Quiddich is inspired and does a great job of showing the extent of the wizard world around the globe.  The interface between Muggles and Wizards could use a bit of work as the method shown in the book is clearly problematic for keeping the wizard world secret.<br/><br/>Characters:<br/>The main characters do advance a certain amount but still a bit on the thin side.  The introduction of boy-girl relationships is an interesting element and needed given the age of the characters.  Harry and Ron are clearly thick with regards to Hermiene.  It is unfortunate but a needed part of a boy growing up.  Hermiene is handled quite well and show an advanced maturity fitting her character (she even has some fun for a change).<br/><br/>Action:<br/>The action is consistent in tone and description from the prior books.  Harry is entered into the Tri-wizards tournament by someone else to get him lured into dangerous situations.  Note: this is a lame plot device for getting him to Valdamort.  The tests could have been a bit more difficult / interesting -- the dragon task description is a bit thin for my taste and the maze was clearly there just to get some Harry character development and move him to Valdamort.  The confrontation in the graveyard was well done and helped save a poor plot device.<br/><br/>Prose:<br/>The prose style is basically the same from prior three novels with a bit of expansion that is done nicely in the first part of the book.  The World Cup of Quiddich is very well done.<br/><br/>Summary:<br/>Overall: 3 stars<br/>Setting: 5 stars<br/>Characters: 2.5 stars<br/>Action: 2.5 stars<br/>Prose: 2.5 to 3 stars
 This book was wonderful, although not many people will find an angry Harry Potter so amusing through most of the book!<br/>I loved how the Ministry of Magic refuses to see what Dumbledore proposes - the return of Lord Voldemort.  It's "realistic" (as far as a magical world can go) with people's attitudes and mindsets.<br/>The personalities of all the characters you take notice of are unique and many can be well-loved.  Remus Lupin, for example, while not a very large part in the story.  The same can go when thinking about Severus Snape - yes, he's a slimy-haired git, and yes, he's mean, but for those who didn't look past that (i'm not saying ignore it, i'm saying look further) before this book will be forced to just a little bit by the time this book ends.<br/>Many themes are presented in this book, yet it is presented in a "safe" way so that the younger the audience gets, the less likely it is for those few themes in the book to be seen, and if they are, it is likely that since the reader was mature enough to see it, they would be mature enough to understand it.
 I put off reading these books for years, but now that I've taken the plunge, I could not be happier!  Book 1 is whimsical, funny, and heart-warming.  Colorfully written with realistic dialogue and an impressive array of craftsmanship, "Sorcerer's Stone" is NOT just for children. Anyone who can appreciate magic, good writing, and all things imaginative will be glad that they picked up this book - regardless of their age or predilection towards perhaps more serious literary fare.  I have already ordered Book 2 and am eagerly awaiting its arrival.
 My 11 year old hasn't had it quite a month yet, and she's about 400 pages into it.  I probably slowed her down by stealing the book to read it  myself!  Twice!  This is by far the more serious of the 4 Harry Potter  books, touching on issues of social conscience, integrity, courage, and,  ...well, girls.  Harry after all is 14 now and kids DO grow up, don't  they...  The imagination and wise understanding of kids and adults alike  have made these books thoroughly enjoyable.  In "Goblet" it seems  to me that Rowlings is beginning to hit her stride as an author.  Where  there was some clumsiness in the first books both with use of words and a  bit of strained credibility in the plots, this installment seems to have a  smoother flow, hangs together better.  We eagerly anticipate that delivery  from Amazon on the release of number 5!
 It's the best book in the series, and it's ILLUSTRATED. It's a crime to not own this.
 This one is my second favorite volume. The story in this much darker and Dolores Umbridge is so evil and plain ugly! I detest her when she made her appearance. J.K. Rowling is a fantasy genius!
 Harry, Harry, Harry... The wait was well worth it!  There are subtle differences in the way J. K. has written this book.  More detailed descriptions of scenario, events, characters, etc. Without trying to give the story away to those who have not yet read it, one of the first things you notice is that Harry is a teenage boy now.  J. K. has done well to present him in a 'true to life' light.  (Reminds me of my own teen son.)  The book is everything that we had thought it would be.  Suspenseful, funny, dark, and a bit scarey too.  All our beloved characters are here, as well as a host of new ones.  Pieces of the puzzle slowly start to fit around Harry.  Makes the story very fun. We have always had 'one million' questions, and in this book, a few are finally answered!  Harry is growing up, and hopefully so - the reader as well.  This is a lot of story for little ones'....<br/>If this book makes it to the movies...  all I can say is "wow".  (and we will be the first in line,...again.)<br/>We purchased the book, as well as the CD set, which is immense. It is 23 CD's at about 80 minutes each. Jim Dale is superb once again and fully brings the characters to life!  Mr. Dale has truly become part of our family!<br/>The world of Harry Potter is a wonderful place to be!!!<br/>J. K., Thank you...<br/>PS: you certainly want to sock 'Cornelius Fudge' right in the nose! lol
 After the stunning front page review in the New York Times, I wonder who would care to read my two cents worth here. After a marathon weekend reading I was sad because I did not want the wild ride to end ever. It is absolutely stunning how, novel after novel, JK Rowling has simply not lost her touch to weave this magical world. During a recent weekly business program on CNN an analyst suggested that probably the book has become so hyped because of the marketing muscle of all the big corporations. To which a NY Times journalist responded that people are not buying Harry Potter because Warner Bros or Scholastic cooked it up in their marketing programs but it is because of Rowling's writing prowess. And truer words were never spoken.<br/>It is simply amazing that she has simply not given into any commercial pressures and stuck to her vision (I am sure editors must have asked her to reduce the size of the book). Yes Rowling is our queen.
 Everything about this book is wonderful except for one thing: the quiz answers are missing from the back! I’ve searched the whole book, front to back, and they are not anywhere. I feel like I was given an “oops” copy of this book and am sad that I got a copy with something missing from it. I know it isn’t an actual part of the story but I still paid for it and part of it is missing. The book itself was not damaged, there slight fading in the paper covering near the binding but otherwise in good shape.
 It's beautiful. I used it as a guest book for a baby shower. I had guests write notes in the front of it for mom &amp; baby. Completely adorable, mom loved it (of course). It's a gorgeous way to read HP.
 My granddaughter’s copy was missing an entire chapter!  She was really sad and refused to read on without it. The Public Library said the waiting list/check out was 6 mos!  No way could I stand for that. So grateful to find here on Amazon at a great price for short notice need.
 It took me about 16 hours to read start to finish (not bad for almost 900 pages). This book is a satisfactory followup to the previous set and as we would say in my doctoral program of child development--he(Harry) has reached formal logic. He can analyze situations with new logic and understanding but still has a childish egocentric view. Harry is painted as emotional and moody with a lot of anger (not surprising given his history) and angst. Harry's fifth year is very difficult, by homework, upcoming OWL's (special final exams-Ordinary Wizarding Levels), and by political type confilct occurring between Hogwarts and the Ministry of Magic. If you are not a child reader (as I am not) this is beyond time to get into this series. Harry is portrayed as a typical 15-year-old boy and yet as the shining hope that he was born to be. As for other fans, I didn't "enjoy" this book as well as the others because it is dark, but it is a necessary component, I feel, of telling a coming of age tale in a boy's life who has had a dark past and is prophecized to have a difficult future as well.
 My vision is blurred from staying up all night reading but Goblet of Fire does not disappoint!  I was so worried I would have to reread all the other books to bring myself up to date, but Rowling does a superb job of  reminding you ever so gently of past crucial episodes in the characters  lives.  And speaking of characters!  There are several new, complex and  very compelling wizards on the horizons both good and evil.  Harry, Ron and  Hermione are growing up in terms of their romantic interests, but, thank  goodness, not too fast - there's no intense mushiness to be found in all  700+ pages.  The whole book centers around an interschool (wizard school,  that is) competition and it gives a fabulous edge of tension to the entire  volume.  You are CRAZY if you don't read this book as soon as possible -  you will not be disappointed.
 First of all, I have to take issue with the so-called "serious" authors who would negate Ms. Rowlings contributions by forcing her removal from the New York Times Bestsellers list and relocating her to a Children's Bestseller list.  Sour Grapes, all of you! A best seller is just that. A book that sells the most copies, regardless of its intended readership. Put Ms. Rowling back on the top of the "real" list where she belongs!<br/>These books belong to all ages.  Every member of my family has read them, borrowed them from others and then purchased their own copies, attended the 4th book's midnight unveiling parties and eagerly await the next installment!  My 74 year-old mother in law was recently widowed and received the boxed set of Potter books to distract her from her own grief.  She is now a Potter-maniac in her own right and snatches up every Potter tie-in product she finds! (mouse pad, coffee mug etc!)<br/>It's a rare author indeed who can give children, parents and grandparents a magical world they can't wait to share with each other.<br/>I highly recommend Jim Dale's audio versions.  They are richly characterized without ommitting a single word (trust me, my 12-year old has listened repeatedly with the books open trying to catch any mistakes and so far has found only one... where Dale refers to "Snape" as "Snipe".) My husband is a truck driver who loves making the miles fly by while getting immersed in life at Hogwarts and he's gotten other drivers hooked on the series as well!<br/>I could go on and on touting the virtues of these books (the foster child who takes a great deal of comfort from the abused and neglected boy who discovers his own magic) but if you've read them, you already know and if you haven't, what's stopping you?
 Of course if you have come here your like me, a HUGE Harry Potter fan! I'm working on getting all the stories on audio, and this is the first. Harry Potter no matter how many times I listen to it, every single time without fail I fall in love with these books all over again. J.K Rowling is phenomenal,  and has created a magic that will live on for an eternity!
 This book is beautiful.  The art work is stunning.  Nice thick pages.  It is still easy to read.  Not a book you would want to carry around though.  It is heavy.  Fun one to read with older children.
 Just adding to all the amazing reviews because JK deserves it.<br/><br/>We want more !!!!<br/><br/>Please write full books to complement Fantastic Beasts !
 This book is gorgeous. Quality is awesome. The pages and artwork and so beautiful. I’m reading this aloud to my early elementary daughter, and the pictures are just enough to spark her imagination and attention as I read.
 I'll try to avoid any spoilers.<br/> The book suffers from the same thing that Attack of the Clones did.  It gets off to a slow start, but once it gets going hold onto your hats.<br/> It is really dark in the beginning and everyone was miserable and fighting.  We all knew it was going to be a dark book, but I think it was overdone.  With the next two supposed to get even darker, I can't help but wonder if Rowling is about to alienate her audience who don't want their children reading it.  Is there a PG-13 or R rating coming up for future movies?<br/> The "Final battle" is absolutely amazing.  I couldn't put it down for the last 150 pages or so.  Rowling out did herself with that.  Her writing, from the start of the book just keeps getting better and better.  There are a lot of plot twists that you never would have guessed.<br/> I just wish the first half of the book was as intriguing (and interesting) as the last.
 Great quality! Love the pictures and it is the same content as the chapter books! I get the newest one every year for my daughter on her birthday so that she can join me in this magical adventure.
 Beautifully illustrated. Perfect for Harry Potter fans. This makes re-reading the book all the more enjoyable. It feels like a new and different experience!
 Yay!  It's finally here!<br/><br/>How can I review the plot of this book when everyone already knows it so well?<br/><br/>This is the magical book in the series where JK Rowling introduces the wizarding world and all the vocabulary that goes with it (Muggles, Quidditch, Owl Post...).  It's a treat to be able to read it in Irish, now.<br/><br/>If you are still in the learning stages of your Irish, or are only three quarters of the way through Learning Irish by Michael O'Siadhail, try this:  read the Irish version of Harry Potter and have the English version right beside you.  It's easier than trying to reverse-conjugate so you can look up the root in the dictionary.  The only catch is you probably should have the ENGLISH version and not the American, since there are some differences, but those are only in word choice.  I'm using the American version, myself.<br/><br/>This is a great tribute to a language that twirls out of your mouth and sings in the air.  I'm thrilled this book is out now.<br/><br/>If you don't know any Irish at all, here's an idea or two for you.  Either get this book to motivate you to learn the language, or get this book to show your support for the dying languages of the world.
 Great book. Read this many years ago. Bought it this time to read it to my budding reader. He loves it. It will always be will be a classic.
 In the fourth installment of the Harry Potter series, the story takes a darker and more serious turn.  Harry Potter is growing up, and the danger that he faces is as sinister as it is real.  The story revolves around a competition between the various Wizarding schools, Hogwarts, Beaubaton and Durmstrang, and a plot by "You-Know-Who" to (surprise!) kill Harry Potter.<br/> As always, the new characters are delightful and as believeable as ever.  The plot twists will keep you guessing (and as usual, your guesses as to who the villian is will be wrong) as you learn more about Harry's past (and the past of others - such as Dumbledore and Snape for example.)  Yet  there is a darkness to this book, which may be off-setting to some.  There are stormclouds gathering on the horizon, and trouble is afoot.  Nonetheless I am confident you will love this book as much as the others.
 I loved this book when I was a child but the improved illustrations have put me over the moon all over again. My son also has grown to love the book as much as I do!
 The 5th book of the Harry Potter series doesn't take long to get intresting.  The very first chapter has an unexpected attack in it by two Dementors on Harry and Dudley.  Harry fights off the two Dementors and gets exspelled from Hogwarts....or does he?<br/>  Later in the book, the evil toadlike Professor Umbridge ("hem,hem")  has Harry in Detention with a quill that requires no ink.  Everybody (or mostly everybody) doesn't believe Harry or Dumbledore that Lord Voldemort has come back.  Professor Umbridge is made High Inquistor of Hogwarts and later she replaces Albus Dumbledore as the headmistress of Hogwarts.  After Professor Umbridge is Headmistress, the students rebel.  Fred and George soon leave Hogwarts, rather then being tortured by the caretaker.<br/>  Soon Hagrid runs off like Albus Dumbledore and poor Professor McGonall gets hit by four stunning spells in the chest.  Better than the 4th book!
 The first thing I noticed when I first picked up this book was the sheer mass.  Each book in this installment is gaining girth; at this rate, book 7  should exceed 1000 pages.  I worried that Rowling might be afflicted with  successful writer disease (greater editorial control leading to redundant,  unreadable tomes e.g. Tom Clancy).  My fears proved false.  Each page told  an exciting, deep story that kept me riveted throughout.  And again, I  offer adulation to any writer that can keep children turning hundreds of  pages.<br/>My only concern upon completing my reading, was that Goblet of  Fire might be a bit too dark for the youngest readers.  This is the  "Empire Strikes Back" installment of the series where our heroes  are put through their greatest losses and most dire perils.  Also, much  like the 2nd installment of Star Wars, the conclusion is anything but,  aluding to greater conflict to come.  As before, I encourage parents to  read with their children.  Not only is this something you can share with  them, its definitely an activity of greater benefit than mind-numbing  television sessions.  Finally, any adult who remembers being a child will  enjoy what is turning out to be a seriously good work of storytelling.  Rowling is not underrated; ask your children.
 If you're a fan of Harry Potter, you're already locked in to the magical adventure. This one opens you up to greater possibilities for Harry.
 I got it Saturday morning and finished it by 7pm Sunday.  So of course on the good side, I had trouble putting the book down and am sorely wanting the sixth book already.  Throughtout the book (based on the other books) I sensed that one character would meet an untimely demise, but it was in fact a different character with whom all readers will likely find a stronger attachment to meet their end.  Rowling did an excellent job of evoking emotions at that moment and I had to re-read the entire chapter to get a feel for all of the events of the scene.  Overall there was some good plot and character develoment.  Much of the quality of the series has to do with character flaws of the  people in the book, especially harry, making the whole experience more easy to relate to, despite the fantasy setting.  Overall the series has not shown a sign of let down that other series of long length have done and I heartily endorse this volume as a good follow-up story for the Potter series.
 I just finished read this book.  It is darker in tone than the previous ones.  At first, this is hard to read--I wanted the powerful wizards to live in their happy, funny world.  However, the wizards are afraid, angry, disappointed, hurt, and their feelings influence them to be short-tempered and misunderstand each other.  Despite all their talents and powers, the wizards are frightened; peace and harmony are hard to find when evil is disrupting every aspect of the Wizarding world.<br/>This books is wonderful.  Ms. Rowling's writing skills get better and better with each book.  She has given the characters a greater span of emotional responses as each one matures towards adulthood--grownup and child alike.<br/>I gave this book five stars but that really isn't enough to indicate how great this book is.  Buy this book.  Read this book.  You will not be disappointed...now, excuse me, I have to go read it again.
 I drive about 40 minutes to and from work. This series literally gets me there &amp; back in a great mood! From the perfect reading speed to the AMAZING voices! It’s like I’m there! I dare say even better than the movies :) but let’s be honest— the book is always better!!
 Yes, the book is long. Yes, the characters are growing up, and yes, someone does pass on (I'm still waiting for more information). But it's in a world many of us have come to love. And this book definitely gives us more time with those characters and places we love to read. We're even reunited with some that we haven't heard from in awhile. All in all, it's an excellent book. Rowling is getting better after each one, and for me, it's hard to pick a favorite. After reading Phoenix, it left me wanting more. It has a great flow, and I couldn't put it down. The plot develops wonderfully, giving us a hint of what's to come so that when we finally get there we're trying to point the characters away from the dangers.
 Amazing art and one of my all time favorite books. Look forward to the pictures being a more engaging experience for small ones.
 Harry Potter, as only a few Muggles don't know, is a world famous boy. His parents were killed years before by He-Who-Must-Not-Be Named; his early years were a misery, being abused and derided by his mother's relatives;  but he found at the age of 11 that he was, in fact, a famous person in the  wonderful world of magic, and was invited to attend an school of magic  called Hogwarts. His first three years there are fully documented in the  first three books of this marvelous series.<br/>But now Harry is growing up.  He is rapidly becoming a teenager, and the dangers of his world are  becoming serious as well. This new book in the series, while twice as long  as the previous books, never drags or seems drawn out. The exposition of  the previous books is done quickly and smoothly, without boring readers  already enscounced in Harry's world, the characters of Harry's best  friends, Ron and Hermoine, are more deeply developed, and the menace of  Harry's arch enemy, He-Who-Must-Not-Be Named, deepened into a real danger.  Both Harry's world and ours are led into a dark and chlling denouement that  will only leave readers begging for the next book! Maybe if we all work a  magic spell? Please hurry, Ms. Rowling! Muggles for Harry forever!
 To be honest, I wasn't one of the first people to jump on the Harry Potter bandwagon.  In fact, I avoided the series up until recently considering it to be nothing more than a fad.  However, after reading the first novels in the series this past winter I became hooked, and to my surprise the series only gets better with time.  The Order of the Phoenix, though much darker than previous books, is an excellent read.  It not only rewards fans of the previous books by making reference to previous materials, it also builds off subplots and ideas from previous books.  In fact, after reading the series you'll become intwined with every subplot wondering what twist or turn will come up next.  LIkewise this book also brings an entire new view to the series with a slight twist near end involving Harry and Neville.  The only bad part is having to wait for the next portion of the saga to be released.
 We're reading this book to our 3 year old son. The pictures are beautiful. Every page has something for him to look at while we read it to him. He loves this book, and so do we.
 This is a beautiful book for a child to get into Harry Potter. It will give a young child some images to understand the story.
 Harry is entering his fourth year at Hogwarts. There are two big events coming up.  The first is the World Quidditch Finals, held just before term starts.  The match is between Bulgaria and Ireland.  After the match, Voldemort's sign is seen in the sky, and the masked Death Eaters go on a rampage.  When term begins, a tournament between the threee most prominent wizarding schools is announced.  Only wizards seventeen and older are eligible.  Somehow thirteen year old Harry's name is put into the goblet and he is part of the contest.<br/>This is by far the longest of the Potter books and a great deal is happening throughout.  I am going to read it again to see what I missed the first time.  As always, these books are entertaining, the story line is consistent, and there is great attention to detail.  Great books for young and old alike.
 This book was delivered in great condition, the only issue is that pages 175-222 are printed in there twice (at page 222, the pages skip back to 175 and that entire section is printed again). Pretty weird and I’ve never seen that before, must be a printing error.
 I have been hugely impressed with all four HP books, so I bought the audiocassette to see whether I could get my husband hooked. We listened to  the first half on a long car trip, and I think it worked.  Jim Dale does a  wonderful job of reading, differentiating each character in a different,  and very characteristic, voice. (Apparently he's had to use 400+ voices for  HPIV!)<br/>I was surprised to find how much I gleaned from Dale's reading  even after reading Sorceror's Stone several times. The slower pace and  different emphases of reading aloud highlight points that are easy to miss  in a silent reading. Also, hearing the Scots burr of Prof. McGonagall and  Hagrid's regional accent (Lancaster? Somerset?) serve to bring out aspects  of their characters that were less apparent to this American reader.
 I purchased this audio book for a road trip I was taking with my 8 year old son and 3 year old daughter.  They both get motion sick so watching movies was not an option for holding their attention.  This was the perfect solution.  All three of us were completely engaged throughout the 8 hours of audio book.  Now I need to go back and read all 8 books again!
 I loved it!  It was delivered to my doorstep on Saturday morning and I finally finished it Monday at 2:00 A.M.  Another winner for J.K. Rowling.  The twists and turns of Harry's adventures continue in this exciting book.  From the beginning at the International Quidditch Cup, the story constantly  keeps the reader on the edge of their seat.  Harry, now in his fourth year  at Hogwarts, is reunited with his friends Ron and Hermoine.  Their  adventures begin when it is announced that Quidditch will not be played  this year but instead one student from each of three school of Witchcraft  and Wizardry (Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang) will participate in an  event not held in recent years, the Triwizard Tournament.  Through no fault  of his own Harry becomes the fourth entrant in this tournament.  The book  follows Harry through his classes, his preparation for competition, and  yes, even his first dance.  I won't tell you the ending, but it is very  tense.  Rowling has another winner on her hands.  Now I'll be waiting by  the door for the delivery of Harry Potter V.
 This book is absolutely amazing. It gives my 6 year old beautifully drawn photos to help sculpt the magical world of Harry Potter :) Plus, I’m a huge fan and love reading it and looking at the pictures, who doesnt!?
 Bought it as a replacement for our daughter who is a Harry Potter fan. She loaned the original to a friend and they never returned it. Quick delivery and great price.
 I have a hard time believing I only spend $24 on this book. It is simply stunning. I was excited but hesitant to see someone else's interpretation of the Harry Potter world but it is gorgeous. It is a must have for any HP fan. I have six other print editions with varying covers and this is by far the most gorgeous. It is a little hard to read because it is such a large book, but so so worth it. Can't wait for the next six! I feel like a kid again waiting for the next book to be released!!!
 The book came exactly as expected, nicely packaged and not damaged or anything, the book itself has amazing and beautiful art and a red ribbon book mark, must have!!
 Purchased for a grandson who is just getting into the Harry Potter stories and experiences. He will love it! The pictures help tell the story perfectly!
 Already finished! &lt;Sigh&gt;--Now I'll have to wait another three years to find out what happens next. Guess I'll just have to read it again...<br/>Seriously, J.K. hasn't lost her touch. Quite the opposite: I think this is her best so far. I do have to wonder about all the 4-, 6-, and 8-year-olds who'll try to read it, though. As you've probably heard already, this is an even darker story than Goblet of Fire. Nothing is completely black and white anymore; at various times, Harry has reason to doubt everything and everybody he'd once believed in, including Hogwarts and Dumbledore. He even discovers that his father, who has always been held up as a paragon of goodness and character, was perfectly capable of being an cruel, arrogant jerk at age 15. At the end, while Harry and his friends prove to be as brave and resourceful as always (including some you wouldn't have expected), it also turns out that Harry has screwed up big-time. Not entirely his fault--certain adults have screwed up, too--but all the same, the result is the unnecessary death of someone he cares about deeply. (This is the famous death that's been endlessly guessed about on the Internet, and no, I'm not going to tell you who it is.) Rowling doesn't sugar-coat this, or leave Harry an easy emotional out; the end is not a downer, exactly, but it is quite moving. In short, Harry has to shoulder burdens that no 15-year old should have to bear--even as he's also going through an all-too-recognizable phase of being a moody, misunderstood teenager. He's finally getting angry at the situtation he's been thrust into by fate (and Voldemort), and isn't above lashing out at the very people who are trying to help him.<br/>I don't want to make this sound heavier than it is. The story really MOVES; 870 pages doesn't seem long at all. And Rowling's sense of humor is still very much with us, even when tinged with poignancy. I highly recommend the so-hilarious-you'll-want-to-cry portrait of two barely aquainted 15-year-olds and their hopelessly inept first date. Oh yes, and Harry does get his first kiss.
 I was concerned that the many distractions might result in a lesser effort but Rowling has presented us with another terrific read. Harry is again in big big trouble in book 5 -<br/>no surprize there, huh? I wont ruin it if you havent read the book yet... but there are some inventive twists and surprizes.<br/>Interesting that pure wizards and those of non-pure wizard lineage are on equal footing!?! I wonder where Rowling is going here. Despite the fears of many about the occult themes this series has more kids READING than anything in recent years. As Rowling pointed out kids dont ask her about the occult they ask what is going to happen to the three main characters. So just buy the books and leave them around - your kids will starting reading. The gift of the love of reading is PRICELESS and LIFE-LONG. Of course if you're reading this YOU ALREADY KNOW THAT!!!
 A few things, echoing on the sentiments of other reviews:<br/>1. Story: sure, these books are predictable -- we know Harry will win every time. But the joy of this series is not the outcome, but the journey -- HOW he wins. That's what makes Harry Potter so enjoyable to read, and what makes this fourth book the best yet (#3 was also great, as was #1...#2 was the weakest, in my opinion). His hurdles become greater each time, and so does the reader's appreciation of his accomplishments.<br/>2. Plot twists: we've all come to expect that there will be some sort of plot twist...nevertheless, the specifics of this plot twist always take me by surprise (except, of course, when curiosity gets the better of me and I read ahead). I never see the specific betrayal coming, even though I know there will be one. In this book, the betrayal (I won't give it away) had me floored -- there were so many red herrings, I didn't know who to trust (or not to trust). Maybe I'm just gullible. I hope I'm as gullible for the next 3 installments.<br/>3. Characters: I think the trio is getting more and more differentiated. Hermione is becoming an independent woman, with a love interest. Ron is becoming not just Harry's best friend, but someone who is searching for his own place in the world. And Harry, still the reluctant hero, is dealing with his fears in new ways. So I would disagree with anyone who says that the POV in this story is muddled -- on the contrary, I now have an even greater sense of the differences in these characters, and an even keener interest in seeing how they turn out.<br/>And that's it. Keep up the great work, Ms. Rowling. You're not only writing great stories, but you're getting people of all ages to READ.
 Too bad there ain't one hundred stars. I would have rate it a hundred! J.K. Rowling is a amazing author, she writes alot of short stories, but Harry Potter was the first story that she punblish (I am glad she did). This story is about an orphan named Harry Potter, whoes been send to his mothers sister to take care of. His aunt and uncle and of course his big fat pig cousin was so mean to him, and his has to sleep under the cupboard for eleven years, until he recieves an letter from Hogwart School for Witchcraft and Wizardry, and notice that his and wizard, also notice that his parents are killed by the powerful dark wizard Voldemont (also known as you-know-who, no one speaks its name). Harry meets his friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger and they follow Harry's adventure........The next is you to find out!<br/>  Peoples you got to read this book!
 My favorite of the series brought to life with brilliant illustrations. A perect present for Harry Potter fans or a wonderful way to introduce the series. Book contains the entire story!
 We’re only on chapter 2 but it has helped me read a more grown up book to my 6 year old and keep him interested. We both love the illustrations. He loves the ribbon book mark, too.
 This is the Harry Potter book that moves the series firmly out of the realm of "children's fiction".  I enjoyed it immensely, but what I found the most interesting was the way that Rowling shaded many of the familiar black-and-white characters as a much more ambiguous grey.  The result is sometimes disconcerting.  Heroic Harry is now a sullen teen who often seems to be working at cross purposes with Dumbledore.  Snape, who you were never sure wasn't going to turn out to be the villain in the other books, takes a turn in a sympathetic light.  James Potter turns out to have had a mean streak; Sirius has some pretty serious character shortcomings; even Aunt Petunia seems to be hiding something.<br/>Most striking is that the memorable nasty villain of this book is not Voldemort (either in his own body or someone else's) or his Death Eater cronies -- it is an overly officious, power-hungry, totalitarian bureaucrat.  In a fantasy world where Voldemort represents evil and Dumbledore, Hogwarts, &amp;c. represents good, how can this be reconciled?  Rowling has introduced so much complexity of character with OOTP that it's like a whole new series.  Read it to enjoy the ambiguities.
 A wonderful addition to our home library!  We have the regular books and all the movies, but there is just something special about these books and their illustrations.  I am looking forward to purchasing the rest of the series when they become available.
 After more than 4,000 reviews have been written about this book, what's left to say?<br/><br/>I love this series of book and listen to them on CD in the car. They really make my long commute bearable. This book is quite different from the earlier ones in a number of ways:<br/><br/>1) Good news: Harry is growing up. This book shows a bit darker side of 14-year old Harry, who is perhaps going through adolescent angst. He has a rather long-lasting argument with his best friend Ron that shows Harry to be stubborn and sometimes unreasonable. He also has his first crush on a girl, which increases his state of confusion. I felt this increasing complexity of his character adds a welcome depth to the series.<br/><br/>2) Bad news: The book overall is darker than previous ones. While there are still traces of humor in this book, there are also rather frightening scenes (the opening scene in which a muggle is killed and scenes at the end involving torture and death). I'm not sure this is appropriate for very young children.<br/><br/>3) Bad news: For the first time, I became aware of long, long passages of exposition. (Since I listen to these books on CD,  it is very noticeable when one character spends twenty minutes explaining background material.) Rowling's strength has always been moving the story along quickly and entertainingly--having a character explain something rather than showing it is surprising for her.<br/><br/>4) Good news: The reader of the audio book, Jim Dale, is fantastic! He easily takes on the persona of each character and I quickly forget I am listening to someone reading. What a great actor he is! He has done all of the Harry Potter audio books and is a great choice!
 At nearly 800 pages, "Goblet" is the longest Harry Potter book yet. It's also the best - filled with twists and turns that make it difficult to put down. There are almost 4,000 reviews for this book on Amazon.com, so I won't dwell on plot points. In general, everything you love about the Potter series is here in large quantities: new spells, characters, villians, twists, etc. It's a melding of two of literature's most successful genres: It's the "Hardy Boys meet Frodo Baggins" all mixed into one mega-franchise. Moreover, the end of this book keeps you on the edge of your seat: It's kind of like the end of "Star Wars: Empire Strikes Back," where you don't want it to be over because so many things are unresolved. What can I say: Buy it. Read it. Love it. And then, like the multitudes before you, wait patiently for the next installment.
 I’m late to the Harry Potter party because I didn’t think I’d get into them at age 62 but I’m thoroughly  enjoying reading the series. They take my imagination for quite the ride.
 Some people say the Harry Potter books are for kids. Nonsense. They are for anyone who enjoys great plotting, dry wit, and characters you can truly care about. "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" is longer than  most adult books yet kids and adults alike can't wait to read it.  Amazon.com was nice enough to FedEx my copy to me yesterday, July 8, and I  finished it before bedtime, pausing after every chapter to let what had  transpired sink in. I laughed out loud. I worried along with Harry about  the safety of his friends. And I even admit to a tear in my eye at one  point. Isn't that what a great book is supposed to do -- take you on an  imaginative ride that's outside the sphere of your normal life? That's what  this book did for me and will probably do for anyone who doesn't judge a  book by the age range that some reviewers attach to it. Critics carp that  the Harry Potter hype has overshadowed the books themselves. Nonsense.  Don't read Harry Potter because the media tells you to; read it because it  has charm and joy and humor and everything that makes life so wonderful!
 I loved these books. I have read the Harry Potter series multiple times and when the illustrated versions came out I had to get them! These would be great to keep younger kids entertained or are great if you just love the Harry Potter series! I would recommend this product to absolutely anyone!
 The Harry Potter series is quite "wonderful," but for something really special you must have the illlustrated version.  Even those children who are tired of "chapter" books will love the illustrations.
 Si, merece la pena comprar este libro bello.  El libro es un tesoro. Amazing illustrations on thick, glossy paper make this a treasure of a book. There are many large full-page color illustrations and many small illustrations adorning almost every page.  I have read the harry potter books many times, and these lovely illustrations are bringing the world to life all over again. Pricey, but completely worth it.
 Of course it is a great book and great art. My issue is that a few pages came bent. This was an oblivious mfg issue. But I kept it because i was able to stretch and press somewhat fixing the issue.
 I read these when they were first published. I'm now reading them to my kids. Love the illustrated versions.
 I received this book on the day of release but didn't open it until I had a day off. I suspected that I wouldn't want to put down until I'd finished reading the whole story. I was right. Ms. Rowling is very gifted at helping us to feel what Harry feels so the beginning of the book leaves the reader feeling a bit unsettled and not entirely happy. The story is one of uncertainly and conflict, one that will probably not be resolved until the last book of the series arrives at it's final page. As with the stories preceding this one, the current piece of the larger conflict between Lord Voldemort and his followers and the rest of the wizarding world is carefully built until the confrontation at the climax of this installment of the story. It's a great story and a satisfying read. I find myself impatient now for the publication of Book 6 in the series.
 This book truly is the most powerful in the series thus far. It is a much darker book from the opening page to the closing page however this did not dissuade me from reading through it quickly. This is one of the first books in the series that does not really stand alone which I personally enjoyed. I have always found it bothersome when authors fill the first few chapters with nothing but back story that we've already read. This is one of the few books in the series that the action really does start in the opening chapter and continues throughout the book.<br/>This book is filled with information and surprises along with some things that did not surprise me at all. Voldemort is back in full power. The ministry of magic is doing everything in their power to keep from admitting to the possibility of his return. The Order of the Phoenix is out to stop his return and having to fight against the ministries paranoia the entire way. Professor Umbridge was a nice addition to the book. She truly was the character that you will despise completely and still keep reading just to find out how she's going to make you hate her even more. Harry is growing up quickly and has become very moody and on the verge of breaking under the pressure of everything he has gone through up to this point. Let's face it any kid who has nearly died that many times and faced as much as he has along with having someone that the entire world fears out to kill you and still the adults in the world will not tell you anything would be a bit moody as well.<br/>Over all I would highly recommend this book to anyone. My one suggestion though is that you should really read the first four books before picking this one up.
 This is the fourth book in the series, and the movie version will be coming out soon. I just finished reading this book for the second or third time since it first debuted, and the story holds up just as strongly, if not even stronger, this time. I think the intricacy of the plot gets lost on us fans and readers sometimes, but Rowling has superbly crafted the plot and deftly reveals the story of Harry Potter in such a way that leaves us both satisfied and yet eagerly clamouring for more. I cannot wait to finally read the "Half-Blood Prince," and then the long-awaited final book in the series. Ms. Rowling has left her indelible imprint on both the literary field and our culture as a whole, and as both an adoring fan and an envious fellow writer, I'm very glad I've in some small way been able to share in this magical tale.<br/><br/>If you still haven't entered into this world, you should introduce yourself to Harry Potter now.<br/><br/>- Gregory Bernard Banks ...]
 Nice to have the hardcover in the original size.  The smaller print versions are out there but I find them hard to read without slumping over due to the small print.
 I fell in love with these books when they first came out, and I love how when I begin reading I still get transported to the magical world. This is the first book with Kindle animation that I've read and the illustrations truly enhanced my reading experience.
 I bought this book as a gift for a friend. I was so excited to see what it looked like in the flesh...and now I don’t want her to see it. It came in the plastic wrapping so I figured it would be brand new. Oh no. It looks like it’s been inside a kids backpack for a month of school. All of the corners are bent. There are scratches on the cover and dents in the cover itself where it looks like something must have gouged it. I’m mortified.
 my daughter's first novel series. she's completely hooked, of course. She is a bit on the sensitive side, so before we started reading it to her (age 6), we explained there were going to be some scary parts, but that Harry would be ok. That helped a lot, as she hasn't complained about it being too scary.  After finishing a book, we let her watch the movie version.
 Love this series and the illustrated books bring back the magic to my young kids.  They love the stories and with the illustrations, it's a pleasure to read out loud at night with the family.
 I love that the series is now illustrated.  I have been trying to think of what will be done next to this remarkable book series.  I may not be in for the 3rd purchase of the books.  This is now a Christmas tradition gift.
 BEAUTIFUL book! I'm just introducing my daughter to Harry Potter and the pictures help her follow along and visualize the story.
 This was so intriguing and enjoyed every page.  The Potter series is something to read and re-read.  Moved on to the next book in the series.
 Bought the first two for grandson for Christmas..he is a big fan of HP.. he is hoping Someone will get the rest of the books to complete the collection
 Bloody brilliant. A must have for anyone who is a fan of the series. Same amazing story but a different experience with the illustrations. Plan on getting all of them.
 I wasn't going to review this because, well, why bother? Everybody in the world is going to read this and every other Harry Potter book Rowling writes regardless of what I have to say about it, but after reading another review, I thought I'd kick in my two cents.<br/>I agreed with some of what the reviewer pointed out: once the "failthful death-eater" had gotten close to Harry (almost immediately after his arrival at Hogworts), why bother with the Triwizard Tournament. The winning cup didn't have to be a portkey. Any book, homework assignment, any object could have been made into a portkey and handed to Harry at any time.<br/>On top of that, aside from the first challenge (against the dragon), the challenges were kind of a waste. They had bleachers up around the lake, but clearly people couldn't see what happened while the champions were in the water, so what exactly did they watch? The same is true of the maze. If anyone could see what was going on in the maze, then Moody couldn't have been taking care of Harry through the hedges, so again, what did the people in the stands watch - a bunch of hedges growing?<br/>I disagreed with some of the complaints about subplots. Certainly some of them could have been eliminated, but I enjoy the subplots. My interest is not only in Harry. One of the biggest lacks in the movies is the lack of the supporting cast: the Weasley twins, Neville, etc.<br/>Also, to be frank, as far as logic and suspension of disbelief are concerned, this book falls a bit short of the others, but it was every bit as engaging, the characters were every bit as enjoyable. This has come to be my second favorite book of the series, with "Prisoner of Azkaban" taking the top honor.<br/>Anyway, happy reading and warm breezes to everyone.
 It's Harry Potter, of course it's good!<br/><br/>Philosopher's Stone is a magnificent foray into a magical world full of color, warmth, fun, happiness, friendship, and good lessons. All ages will enjoy. If you're skeptical about joining the Harry Potter world, think about the fact that it's the best selling literary series in the world and give it a try. It's a relatively short book and an easy read. You won't regret it.<br/><br/>I got the house edition: Ravenclaw. For starters, the colors are blue and bronze (unlike the movies where they changed it to silver). Also, it's full of house pride. Extra content at the beginning and end of the book, details about the house and famous Ravenclaws (like the witch who invented Floo Powder!) - all add up to a collectible I'm proud to have on my shelf. Solid binding and delicate printing make it pretty and elegant.
 The first Harry Potter book pulls readers into a wonderful world. This was a gift to complete a set for a person who had worn out her paperback copies.
 I read many of these reviews before I purchased this book, and found the clains hard to believe!  Well, I believe them now!  This is a wonderful, exciting read for kids and adults!  My boys are 8, 10 and 14, I encouraged  my oldest to listen in because the reviews were so good.  Much to my  surprise after we read chapter 3 he came up to me and whispered in my ear,  "Can I read ahead"?  :-)  I told him absolutely NOT, it's a  family thing and he would have to wait like the rest of us!  :-)  He teased  as if he were asking to go and hang out with his friends...this can only be  a good thing.  I did have to take measures; as one other reader suggested,  she had to find a good hiding place for the book so there were no cheaters!  This is a terrific way to show your kids that reading is for  pleasure...not just something you HAVE to do for an assignment at school!
 Well, if you are a Harry Potter fan you are in for a treat! Lavish illustrations. Another reason to return to the printed story again and again! A wonderful combination where each artist's contribution enhances the work of the other. Whimsical and powerful illustrations. Adds to the narration of the tale.
 This is all I can say about this book. I have seen the movie and was quite happy with the story and how it ended, however, now that I am done with the book, the movie had done it no justice. Absolutely breathtaking. The action in the book with all of the tasks and the development of the main characters is amazing. The last 30 pages or more were not even addressed in the movie and I feel that this ending in the book wwould leave many confused in the future installments. If there is anyone who read the third book and was not impressed, need to pick up the fourth book and push through the 734 pages because they will not be regretful. The story with what happened at the Quiditch world cup was way more developed, the story with Rita (the reporter from the Daily Prophet) was way more developed and added so much more to the drama and the humor in the end. The fifth book is going to be amazing, I just know it. J.K Rowling is absolutely brilliant and allows any one and every one to visit Hogwarts and become apart of the action. Her writing and her descriptions open doors to my imagination I never knew I had. I am telling anyone who reads this book now, be prepared. The stories are going to become more complex and way more interesting. I can say that this is now one of my favorite books of all time.
 I feel like this is the perfect book to start reading to a 6 year old it has pictures to stir the imagination just enough --
 It's an excellent book for your advance students in your classroom, who needs to be challenged.  It's for your students who finishes everything first.  It motivates them to do their best.  So, they can continue to read in class during Drop Everything And Read time.  My third grade students loves it!
 I was worried it would be used and battered But it’s brand new!! I am giving this to my ravenclaw husband for his birthday. I am so excited it’s philosophers stone version because all my other editions are the US sorcerers stone. The little info about the house on the inside is so neat! Def ad this to your collection!
 Let me start off by saying that I LOVE Harry Potter. So i may be a little biased. But the quality of this book is incredible. The illustrations are gorgeous and really transport you to the wizarding world. I bought this book for my fiance (who is 25 and also loves HP) and he absolutely loved it! The great thing about this book is not only can we, as adults, enjoy this book, but we can also read this to our children and get them interested in reading at an early age.<br/><br/>The package arrived right on time (with Amazon 2 day shipping) and came in perfect condition!<br/>Very pleased with this product!
 This series never disappoints. Likable protagonists, antagonists<br/>that one loves to hate, action, excitement, suspense, adventure and a lot of fun.
 We all know the story is great but this moving illustrated version is awesome.  Bought it so my son would stay interested while we read it together and it works!
 I love all of the harry potter books and my hardback copy of the goblet of fire has seen it's better days. I was worried about paperback due to the size of the hardback book, but this copy is great! and of course the book is wonderful
 Love the illustrations. I bought this for my 10 year old daughter and she's loved it. Only downside is that they are large and hard to carry, but once you get used to it, it's fine.
 I am enjoying J.K. Rowling's books about Harry Potter - I don't want the series to end with only 7 books.  Maybe she'll continue to write more about Harry after the series is through.<br/>This book continues Harry's life in the magical world.  In this book, Harry is force to relive some of his past.  I'm not sure if his past was repressed, or if it's just brougt to life by the dementors.  In either situation, Harry is forced to relive some of the worst moments of his life.  Harry is beginning to learn to deal with his past and understand where he is now.  He faces a figure from his past that had a lot of involvement with his parents.  The books ends in a way you would never expect; just when things seem to be over, new hope is found where you would least expect it.
 Harry's world takes an even more adult turn in the 5th installment. Gone is the naive and sweet Harry Potter, and instead we get a petulant, moody, and generally sullen teenager not terribly happy with the way things are turning out.<br/>Some people may find this a turn off, I found it real and refreshing. JK Rowling also manages to shake up the formulaic narrative of the previous books, and presents a much longer opening before Harry's eventual arrival at Hogwarts. But many things familiar are not there at the outset. Hagrid for one doesn't turn up until almost halfway through the book. My only letdown, and it's minimal, is that the climax of the novel didn't live up to the pages preceding it. Overall though, once again Rowling manages to find new and creative avenues to explore, especially the detailed Ministry of Magic.
 Absolutely amazing! The illustrated edition (Kindle in motion) is an excellent addition for any Harry Potter fan and I would highly recommend to anyone! Looking forward to the remaining books being published with Kindle in motion
 I love the Harry Potter series nd plan to collect the illustrated versions.  Illustrations are beautiful.  I recently started reading them to my son.  Love these books!
 Wow, I'm completely blown away by this beautiful edition! I bought it as a gift for First Communion to a 8 year old girl who doesn't really like to read (hopefully she will fall in love with Harry Potter as I did!) and I'm now thinking about ordering a copy for myself!
 It was really great.  I'm a 34 year old married male, and so not exactly the target audience.  What do I care?  It was a terrific story that kept me up very, very late the last few nights.<br/>It's not a criticism of the book, but I found this book less cheerful than the others.  It's simply a tough period in Harry's life, and he's at that age (15) where every boy is struggling to be a man.  He's grouchy, irritable, rash...  All the things most 15 year olds are.  There are certainly plenty of laughs, don't get me wrong, but it's just not a "happy" story.<br/>Everyone who has read the first 4 will certainly read this, so I'll spare you the, "you should read this...", but I will say, no matter your age or gender, if you've not read any of the Harry Potter books, get to it!!  You'll be swept into the wizarding world, I promise!
 Has anyone noticed that those who review this book at three stars or less and REALLY MEAN IT cannot spell, or put a sentence together?<br/>To those who think the characters are too simple, I'd just point out that one man's  piece of cardboard is another man's archetype. And I can't see how you can  argue that Snape, in particular, is all good or all bad.<br/>To those who  think it's no good because it "isn't any better than" C.S. Lewis,  Madeleine L'Engle, Edward Eager, Lewis Carroll, Norton Juster, Roald Dahl,  or whomever--this is a little strange. If it's only "as good as"  the work of these other writers, that means it's EXCELLENT. And a lot of  the kids who are caught up in the Harry Potter phenomenon are bound to  discover these other writers' books. (This is a good thing.)<br/>To those who  feel that Slytherin is an evil house, I really think you're making an  unwarranted inference. Harry didn't want to go into Slytherin because he'd  heard too many dark wizards came out of it, but he is sensitive to this  because of his parents' deaths. So far we've had 3-4 unsympathetic  Slytherin characters, out of the 200 or so in that house. I'd be willing to  bet that Rowling will eventually give us a sympathetic Slytherin  character!<br/>And to those who are afraid of its "un-Christian"  overtones: I think rather than keep this book from your kids you'd do  better to teach them the difference between fantasy and reality.
 I was so excited to finally get this illustrated Harry Potter book. The illustrations are beautiful and complement the story.
 I am blown away with the quality of the book. I have seem pictures of it, but I was still surprised by the size, once it arrived. All the illustrations are gorgeous and the paper and print quality are great! I would recommend this Harry Potter edition to everyone! :)<br/><br/>On a side note, if you are ordering internationally, be aware of how your border customs treat the packages. On our customs, they basically butchered the Amazon box and even the air bags that were supposed to keep the book secure. Luckily, the book arrived unharmed and pristine though!
 Needed to replace the first book in the series after it was misplaced... but I didn’t want brand new. This was a great choice &amp; im grateful!
 my fiancee loves the harry potter series but always wanted the british version. so i purchased this as a christmas gift. at first i was a little hesitant to buy a used copy from a vendor here (az-mazing itemz) off of amazon but went ahead since the vendor had an excellent rating.<br/><br/>overall i'm extremely pleased. i was stunned at how well the condition of the book is. the copy I received literally looks like it was never used and just safely sat on someones book shelve. I skimmed through the book and noticed all the british slang and terminologies that are post to be there.
 This book is so beautiful! There are colorful illustrations throughout. It's a fun way to bring new life to the classic Harry Potter story. Not to mention, Amazon's price is much more reasonable than the cover price. Highly recommend.
 My youngest daughter read it and loved it. Now all my kids have and this is the favorite of all the books
 Great quality pictures and made it more fun to read. No missing pages like other reviews stated.
 I've been caught up in the wizarding world of Harry Potter since Year 1, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  I was as eager and awestruck as Harry in discovering the magical world of J. K. Rowling's imagination.  But as the wizarding world has become more mundane to Harry over the past 5 years the focus has gradually shifted away from the delights of discovery to Harry's growing desire to find his ultimate place within the world of wizards.  This change of focus has not made the Harry Potter series any less compelling for me.  I was just as caught up in Harry's travails during his 5th year as the adventures of his 1st.<br/>The main thrust this time is Harry's battle of wills with Professor Dolores Umbridge, the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who is malevolent even beyond Snape.  For where Snape has spent the book series trapped between his hatred of Harry and his need to protect him from Lord Voldemort, Professor Umbridge has a free hand to sadistically punish Harry and try to change the very essence of Hogwarts.  While I wasn't really satisfied with the resolution of the Harry vs. Umbridge battle, it's impossible to be too critical without knowing what might happen in books six and seven because, as all readers of Rowling know, characters have a way of reappearing in new ways.  I do feel that it occupied too much of the book however.  It gave a face to much of Harry's anger and resentment, but I didn't see any growth in Harry because of his encounters with Umbridge.<br/>One sub-plot where I would have preferred more development and depth, however, was in Harry's relationship with Cho Chang.  I think it would have held up as a larger part of the story.  Cho has never really been developed as a character.  She's just been an object of infatuation for Harry.  Unfortunately, we don't really learn anymore about who she is in Year 5, even in the face of a blossoming romance.  (And speaking as a former 15-year old boy, I think that Cho would have been on Harry's mind more than Rowling allows, even in the face of possible expulsion and death.)<br/>The biggest disappointment for me is that the Harry vs. Lord Voldemort plot that is driving the 7-book series plays a minor role in Year 5.  After the rebirth of Lord Voldemort and the return of the Death Eaters at the end of Year 4, I expected the battle between good and evil to be joined early in Year 5.  But if you expect that in Year 5, you've got about 35 chapters of filler to deal with.  There is the obligatory showdown scene, and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix finally accelerates Harry toward what must be his ultimate showdown with Lord Voldemort in Year 7.<br/>Although Harry learns important new facts this year, I think he has shown greater personal growth and maturity in his previous years.<br/>There is more British slang in this book than the previous Scholastic releases.  I'm glad they didn't try to Americanize everything, but I did find it useful to find a British slang web site to use as a reference.  One word of caution, however, the first site I found was replete with vulgar slang.<br/>I've read the other Harry Potter books at least twice each and I'm sure that I'll read this one again.  My view of the book may change, the way I sometimes appreciate a CD more each time I listen to it.  Has anyone started the countdown for Year 6 yet?
 I love these illustrated editions, especially for reading to my kids.  The illustrations are beautiful!
 This book came in perfect condition. I got it for my fiance who is rebuilding his Harry Potter and the wizarding world collection. He loves it.
 First of all, if you have yet to hear about Harry Potter, you are ages behind the rest of the country. Harry has turned into a true star, delighting the world with his wit, humor and bravery. The brainchild of JK Rowling, Harry Potter has turned into an international phenomenom, captivating young and old alike... and it is not hard to see why. Not since The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe have there been such inventive books. Harry Potter, already in the fourth year of school, has grown up before the readers' eyes, experiecing happiness and tragedy. Far from being an ordinary boy, this wizard and his whole world brings joy and sorrow to all that read his adventures. The presence of magic in our ordinairy lives makes us want to be like Harry and have so many wonderful adventures. Harry Potter, beginning with the Soceror's Stone has faced evil and always managed to escape. It is tuly delightful and breathtaking to experience each mission with this boy. He is truly brave, loyal and quickwitted, and you will find yourself cheering for his success at every turn. With Hogwarts the wizarding school as the background, Harry spends time with friends while learning how to become a full fledged wizard. the presence of enemies makes for interesting scenes. Harry Potter is truly a phenomenon that cannot be expressed in mere words. The author has created an environment, and a legacy that will last for a lifetime. You will truly be enchanted and captivated by the whole Harry Potter series. When you read, you will understand why I find it hard to explain.
 Simply stated, this 5th installment of the notable Harry Potter series is the darkest, most gothic, and yet most humourous one yet. Once again, the author, J. K. Rowling balances "scariness" with her wonderful sprinklings of mirth.  This book shows just how clever a writer Rowling can be.<br/>One thing though :  the beginning is a bit lengthy, but very informative, and by the end of this voluminous novel, the reader is simply screaming for more!  Perfectly delightful.  Lots of hidden nooks-and-crannies are revealed to the reader.<br/>As a final word, I thought the 'Hogwarts Queue' who were waiting for Harry at King's Cross Station  in the final chapter] was positively smashing.  David Beckham could not handle a football better than the way Rowling portrayed the closing scene.  She has scored a brilliant and decisive win!
 As most people already know, Harry Potter is a great kid’s book series, but the illustrations make it even better for younger kids, like my 5-year-old son.
 Okay, so children's literature is not my usual thing to read.  But when two computer people, including one PhD in computer engineering, and a cardiovascular-transplant surgeon all "admitted" to being addicted to the Harry Potter books, I decided maybe there was something to them.  I read this, the first, and I have to "admit" there is!  I found the central character Harry Potter and his friends entirely believable, despite their rather unusual milleu.  The story was well written and carefully plotted and was not as treacley as I'd expected it to be.  In fact it was quite charming, included some rather intense real-life topics--such as the unfairness of life in general and the death of parents in particular--and kept my attention well enough for me to read it in under a day's time.  I'd recommend it to anyone.
 We love these illustrated books! It is such a fun way to share Harry Potter with our kids. We are looking forward to the rest of the series in coming years.
 It was amazing! I would definitely recommend the whole series to adventure seekers. The problem was, it skipped one or  two pages. It still made sense but it obviously had skipped a page or two.I would have definitely rated 5 stars ,it was just the skip. It was just another amazing,magical,and over all, WONDERFUL J.K. Rowling! It was a great book!
 My daughter owned this entire set, but this one book was damaged and we needed a replacement. This was perfect!
 These are great books for children AND for adults. Harry Potter is a classic hero -- brave, chivalrous and modest. The author seems to be giving us the education of a modern day wizard/knight in this series. I'm looking  forward to the adult Harry. I think I'll like him very much and that he's  destined to be a hero for more than what happened to him as a baby. I also  liked the further character development of friend Ron, who understandably  wants to be more than Harry's sidekick, and Hermione, a brainy heroine with  a social conscience who still gets the guy. The books are getting darker,  but kids are capable of understanding that a battle between good and evil  will result in some casualties. The death in this book was necessary.
 Um, hey Amazon, it's a CD set that I ordered, why are you asking me to review it as a book? The CD's were ok. There just was something lacking from the person reading the story. Not sure what it was, but felt kind of bored listening to it. Wasn't as enjoyable as reading it.
 OH MY GOD. This book was so awesome. I went with my parents to go get it the night it came out and stayed up all night reading it. I like Harry Potter because he does all this cool stuff and has all these cool friends.  And he has this magic wand that he can use to do stuff. I wish I had a  magic wand. It's too bad I don't. But Harry Potter has a magic wand. I wish  Harry Potter was real and then he could come over to my house and we could  do stuff together. But back to this book, I was nervous about reading it  because it was really big and didn't have many pictures. But I stayed up  all night, and my Mommy and Daddy helped me with the big words and we did  it. There were scary parts, but we got through them together. And there's  this part, where Harry Potter does this thing, it's so cool. Harry Potter  is off the hook. And I mean OFF THE HOOK. And if you don't like Harry  Potter, you can go, well I don't know where. I wish I was more like Harry  Potter. Maybe someday I will be. But first I have to believe in myself.  Harry Potter taught me that.
 I bought these as a gift for my friends son, he is just over the moon with the series! They are great chunky books and I was happy to give them to him!
 If you're collecting the limited edition series for Harry Potter, this is a must.  Nice illustrations.  Recommend.
 Reading the Harry Potter series never gets old. Every time you go through the story you get totally immersed in the experience.
 I recieved this book the day it was released from Amazon and I did not put it down. The book was enormous and I could not imagine that Harry could  have so much happen to him in his fourth year. I managed to read this 700+  page book in 7 days and now I can not wait for the next one to come out.  What a powerful, moving book!  I have never enjoyed reading as much as I do  now when I read these books. I have tried to get everyone that I know to  get into these books because they are the most imaginative books that make  you feel like you are right there in the middle of it all. I have bought  all of the books in the series in hopes that my 6 year old daughter will  read them one day. Thank you so much Ms. Rowling for your wonderful  work...You are amazing!
 Great book. Lots of suspense and action with a touch of drama. Really can't wait to read the next book
 These illustrations are beautifully done and go so well with this already amazing story.  My 3 year old loves looking at the beautiful pictures as we read together
 Had to re-read this fantastic story.  Really a great book to enjoy. Highly recommended. Now others should find out for thereselves.
 A good book to give your third-grader, as a holiday project.  But the 700 plus pages will scare him more than Valdermort.  It's best to motivate her/him by reading a paragraph with her/him, and then pretend that your confused, so that the child takes ownership of the story.
 *sigh of relief* I am so relieved that this book came just as described.  This was the last book of the Harry Potter 7-book series that I needed and I'm extremely relieved and grateful that I didn't get any unwanted surprises! Thanks!
 Perfect and fast! I didn't have the first book for some reason, and this one fits what I have exactly.
 I would have to stand in a very long line to make my review of this book heard. How can you improve on a classic work of pure genius? I will never forget how my first sight of the boats approaching Hogwarts in the movie was so exactly like my image of it in the book, that it worked a little magic of its own. We all want to believe in magic and in the underdog who becomes the hero. This is not just 'the boy who lived.' This is the book that lived.
 I specifically ordered the hardcover because I was replacing my lost copy.  No issues and was just like my original 1st print copy.
 Bought this as an x-mas gift and the receiver (who is a grown woman) went nuts over it, in a good way. She beamed while showing me the illustrations and how nice they all looked.
 I don't want to send a spoiler alert, so I'll just say the book was okay but so far I've liked the others better.
 Without a doubt this is my favorite novel of the series so far.  The action in this novel was intense and I finished the novel in a couple of days.  JK Rowling always does a great job of mixing foreshadowing and mystery.  With each novel, I have begun to realize that nothing is as it seems.  I thought I finally figured out the plot, only to be completely surprised in the end.<br/><br/>The novel comes after the Prisoner of Azakaban, where we learned that Sirius did not murder Harry's parents, and that wormtail was the actual villain.  Wormtail escaped at the end, though, with an oracle that he would nurse Voldemort back to health.  That is where the forth book picks up, Voldemort and Wormtail have returned to the house of Voldemort's father to regain health.  Additionally, armed with information from a ministry employee, they seek to destroy Harry Potter again.<br/><br/>An old tournament is reborn, and Harry is chosen to compete although it should have been impossible.  He competes and his luck remains with him until the end.  Questions will be answered in this novel.  Will the Death Eaters rise again?  Will a student die?  Will Hogwarts stay open?  Will the Ministry oppose Voldemort?  The Goblet of Fire is a great read.
 Christmas present for my young granddaughter who was thrilled to receive it. Beautiful book!
 Absolutely gorgeous! A must for any Harry Potter fan.  I could look at these illustrations forever!!! The first one was the first book I bought for my daughter's library:)
 I got this for my daughter as the first one got damaged. She has all the books now. A strong Harry Potter fan!
 I have had about 10 copies of this book,the first one my sister sent me from England. I taught in an inner city school.where the kids had not been read aloud to very often. I read a chapter a day to my classes every day. When I started to read Harry 1 the children were entranced. So much so that the book was stolen many times each year . So I started buying paper backs. which have fallen apart. that is why I ordered this copy.. Now  I read it to my grandchildren.
 Our 8 year old son loves the Harry Potter movies and wanted to read the books.  These books are beautifully illustrated, which makes the books more enjoyable to read for youngsters compared to the traditional JK Rowling novels.  He actually finished the book and is going through the entire series.
 Think of this as a suspense novel filled with wizards, magic, and all sorts of strange, intriguing creatures.<br/>Rowling is incredible. Her writing is better than ever with this third installment. There is no "factory" atmosphere here. Her work just keeps getting better and better. The characters are maturing nicely and the story lines, although simple, are suspenseful and riveting! She has a knack for great endings full of surprises, confrontation, and second guessing.<br/>This is her best yet. I was up until 3:30 am with this book and when it was all over, I was wanting Harry to stay at MY house for the summer!<br/>My favorite chapter -- Hermione's secret.<br/>Make time to read this one for sure!<br/>Cris
 Fine reading for adults as well as kids.  just a good story, well written, well paced and satisfying, with just the right level of intrigue.
 I owned the printed book and love it, but this Kindle version brings to life many of the amazing illustrations designed by Jim Kay.  I am reading the series again and this in-motion version  makes it even more fun and enjoyable to read.
 No need to speak to the converted, so on behalf of our daughter, Sasha  10 years old next month] we want to send a big 'Thank-you' to Amazon.com for getting the 'Phoenix' here precisely on schedule.  How did you DO that, anyway?]<br/>Sasha finished the book today  Tuesday, June 24th] at 2:45PM - and that's after having lost the 'priviledge' of reading it for the entire day, Sunday!!!  No, she does NOT sleep under the stairs, but it seems a day without H-P-5 is about the only thing that gets her attention lately...anyway, she still has the other 4 which she constantly re-reads]<br/>All joking aside, even we are impressed with her reading speed this time not to mention the obvious quality of the Harry Potter characters and story lines.<br/>Sincerely,<br/>Patrice Stanton and James Lenaburg
 it's just as wonderful having it read to you as it is reading it yourself!!  and Jim Dale is an amazing Narrator on these books/cd's.  Just love it!
 As a long-time fan, I was delighted to re-read this in the illustrated version. The story is only enhanced by not knowing what you will find on the next page.
 Once again, Jim Dale delivers an excellent adventure! Complete with all the voices, Jim does a superb job of bring the world of wizards and muggles to life. The tape set, longer then the first three Harry Potter  Books-on-Tape set, due to the length of the novel, is an enchanting way to  introduce a younger audience to the world of Harry Potter. I find, after  listening to all four stories on tape with my students, that when I sit to  re-read the adventures, I hear his voice in my head. His voice has the  ability to really bring the story to life, and along with J.K.'s ability to  write such colorful imagery into her stories, you can really picture all  the places and characters in these stories as real. What a gift these two  creative people have given to the imaginations of children and adults  everywhere. Buy it quick!
 I can't believe I never read these when I was younger. I'm 35 and have been really enjoying this series.
 The fourth installment of J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series breaks slightly from the pattern established by the first three volumes: the bookends of Harry's purgatory with his dastardly muggle relations, the Dursleys, remains, but there is also a lengthy prologue that sets up the return of Lord Voldemort.  The first part of this prologue, we soon learn, is experienced by Harry as a kind of midsummer night's dream, and since it causes his lightning scar to burn, he recognizes it as an omen of some sort.  Then, with his summer at the Dursleys fortunately interrupted by an invitation from the Weasleys to attend the Quidditch World Cup with them, a second section of the prologue--this about unusual events surrounding the Cup--unfolds to further introduce plot elements before the typical Hogwarts school-year story structure resumes.<br/><br/>The story of HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE is built around the Triwizarding Cup, a periodic year-long contest held between Hogwarts and its continental counterparts, the Durmstrang Institute and Beauxbatons Academy.  For the Triwizarding Cup, each magic institute selects a champion to represent the school; in this instance, with the contest being held at Hogwarts, Harry Potter is secretly selected to be a second champion from Hogwarts.  Meanwhile, Harry's godfather, Sirius Black, believes that Lord Voldemort will use the games to try to kill Harry.<br/><br/>THE GOBLET OF FIRE is the longest installment to date in a series that features ever expanding volumes.  What this means for the reader is not necessarily a corresponding increase in action, but more exposition: there are pages where characters talk at length--give speeches in fact--explaining what is happening.  This book is also the darkest up to this point, with long passages of almost unmitigated gloom and featuring the unexpected death of a long-standing character.  Moreover, the conclusion sets up the dark times ahead as the wizarding world is thrown into upheaval and sides are being drawn at the news that Voldemort has come back.<br/><br/>I found the narrative of this book lagged a bit compared with the earlier volumes, which all featured a more brisk pace.  That combined with the pall of death and the almost unrelieved sense of foreboding (the first expressions of romantic interests arise, providing some light moments if not comic relief) made this not quite as fun to read for this reader as the first three books.  However that may be, THE GOBLET OF FIRE was honored with a Hugo Award in 2001.
 As a Harry Potter fan all of my life. I am so happy for this version of the books so I can read to my niece who is 1 years old and loves the pictures.
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my boy friend, he loved it.  The illustrations are great and it makes for a nice coffee table book
 I love reading the Harry Potter Series and the Spanish version - depending on where it is published - gives me an opportunity to learn new words.
 This book arrived in perfect condition and the illustrations are beautiful! I can't wait to share one of my favorite stories with my children!
 Why are you even reading this review?  You either love or loathe Harry Potter--there's no in between.  This series of books (GOF being #4 in the series) will suck you into it's clutches if you let it and never let go.  I think all of the books are absolutely amazing (and I'm 23 years old, so they're are NOT just for kids--there are plenty of adults that read them too).<br/><br/>As for this particular book, I think this is when the series takes a turning point and really starts to get interesting.  In the first and second books, there's a lot of what I'll call "happy fun magic tricks" going on--the characters are kids just learning their abilities and playing around.  The third book starts to dive deeper into the storyline and you start to learn a lot about Harry, but the fourth book is when the real adventure begins.  The war between good and evil truly begins again with the climax of this book and Harry learns just how much danger he is in.  It's a must read---just buy it you know you want to.
 This was one of my favorite HP books and I remember reading it when it was just published. I was originally late to the Potter Party but made up for lost time and started enjoying the books as they came out with this one.<br/><br/>The story is one of my faves because of the World Quidditch Cup in the beginning (doesn't Rowling do a great job describing an imaginary sport?) And then the Tri-Wizards Cup. A new concept, new schools and of course, there is something dark behind the challenges and a mystery. The idea of a Yule Ball and dress robes (poor impecunious Ron and his shabby robes) was just great. And Hermione getting dressed up and having attention from the celebrity Krum was a nice touch.<br/><br/>Great book. I've re-read it dozens of times and I think it's still one of my favorites of the series.
 The beginning of an astonishingly epic story!!! While I was growing up, and I first heard about these books/movies, I was not allowed to watch or read them. But that all changed when I picked up a copy from a book fair back in 8th grade in the school library. Read it and have loved it. Loved it so much I had to continue with the other six entries in this series.<br/><br/>So as everyone here knows the whole story about Harry Potter by now, we are about to get an eighth entry but set in the 19 years after the events of Deathly Hallows. And we are also getting another movie set in the Potter universe but taking place about 70 years before the events of Sorcerer's Stone.<br/><br/>While living a life with his nasty aunt and uncle, young Harry's life is changed forever when he receives a letter from Hogwarts while being enrolled. Thanks to friendly half-giant Hagrid, Harry learns that he is famous because of his defeat of a Dark wizard named Lord Voldemort, who is revealed to have killed his parents.<br/><br/>The amazing storytelling from Rowling brings to life something beyond imagination itself which has captured the hearts of many for several years.<br/><br/>A great character example is Harry himself. Thus since he is probably the driving force for the whole story, he comes across several twists and turns in this and the six sequel stories that brings him to his ultimate destiny in episode 7. And with new friends and foes, Harry definitely is one we can relate to because at some point in our lives, we have been where he is when the story starts. And when he talks to the boa constrictor in chapter 2, I wanted to laugh when Dudley (his cousin fell into the pond) as the glass vanished.<br/><br/>So this is the introduction to a whole other world within our own with Diagon Alley, Quidditch, muggles and so much more. It is an excellent way to introduce readers to this magical world.<br/><br/>But another driving force throughout the whole series is that there is a whole slew of mysterious events in each individual entry. In this installment, Harry claims that his Potions teacher Professor Snape is after a magical relic called the Sorcerer's Stone. But as the story goes on it is revealed that the true villain (aside from Voldemort himself) is actually Professor Quirrell. Another thing I liked is while Voldemort is the true villain of the series as a whole, there are a few side characters in each entry who serve as the main villain individually. They either serve Voldemort directly or they serve the Ministry of Magic (in Book 5 more prominently).<br/><br/>The last thing I like about this and the other books is that it is about development. As the series goes on, we follow Harry, Ron and Hermione as they mature in each story. In this one, they have already met (around chapter 6) and are ready for what awaits them.<br/><br/>So thus begins the story of Harry Potter!!!
 I've been a HP fan since day one! I remember going with my step mom to all of the book releases at midnight! Some great memories and now I love sharing HP with my own children through these illustrated editions. Makes a great book to read at night. We can't wait to own the whole collection.
 I started reading this to my six year-old son about a month ago.  It was slow going, mainly because of his attention span.  But he's been enjoying it, nevertheless.  As I was reading it to him, I became enthralled with the  adventure and wound up reading the book by myself.  It was a great,  fast-paced read that brought out the child in me.Like everybody else, I've  been hearing the controversy.  Yes, there are some situations in the story  that might scare small children.  Pick up a book of fairy tales­­or, better  yet, turn on the TV.  The cartoons and kids' shows are much more violent  and graphic than anything in this book.  The Harry Potter series is  destined to be a classic for many generations.
 It is easy to get lured into a false sense of security about the Harry Potter books, as other Amazon reviewers seem to have been lured. While the books share a certain structural similarity, the series is not about a boy going to a magical school to become a wizard. Instead, the series is about the second coming of the dark lord Voldemort, and the destiny of one boy -- Harry Potter -- to one day stop him, or die trying.<br/>Nowhere is this more clear than in "The Order of the Phoenix," the fifth book in the series and the darkest to date. Fresh on the heels of a death of a supporting character at the end of the fourth book, the heroes are circling the wagons, operating with a great deal of caution and suspicion as they wait to see what the newly risen Voldemort will do next.<br/>But of course, life goes on, especially in a wizarding world where most members of the community refuse to believe that Voldemort has returned and, indeed, the unofficial government line is that Harry is crazy or lying in order to get attention. The presence of a powerful wizard at Hogwarts who believes Harry (headmaster Professor Dumbledore) means that the government intervenes even there, changing the character of the school in order to suppress panic, and as a result, give Voldemort's supporters, the Death Eaters, cover for their clandestine efforts.<br/>As always, the series tackles more and more mature and complex issues in each subsequent volume. In "Order of the Phoenix," Harry grapples with the fact that his idealized vision of what his parents were like is just a childish fantasy and, more importantly, that the battle he's been involved in almost since birth is marked by deep shades of gray.<br/>"The world is not divided into good people and Death Eaters," his god father, Sirius Black, tells Harry at one point. And so it is that Harry has to battle an antagonist (one of the most cruel and vivid in modern literature) who is bad without being evil, and not a friend while not being an actual enemy.<br/>And all the while, Voldemort is waiting in the wings. How he's linked to Harry's mysterious visions and what he wants and why are the central mysteries in this volume, which is much closer to the kids-solving-a-mystery structure of the first three books than "Goblet of Fire" was, and the payoff is immense: Not only do readers finally get to see just why every other character in the series are so impressed with Voldemort and Dumbledore, but the lies and deceptions readers have noticed Harry being fed since the first series are (mostly) torn away at the end, exposing the frightening and tragic shape of things to come.<br/>Because the tragedies are not done: It's war, and more beloved figures are going to die. Who, why and how are the questions, but the shadow of death looms over "The Order of the Phoenix," and casts an ominous pall over future volumes. But like the bird for which the group is named, there is a hope at the center of the story, that perhaps, no matter how dark things get, that good will prevail and the light will be reborn, even from the darkness.<br/>But darkness is still gathering, and readers who found "Goblet of Fire" too dark be warned: It's going to get a lot darker before the dawn.<br/>Strongly recommended for Harry Potter fans, especially those enjoying the battle between good and evil at the heart of the series.
 I ordered this book a while back and have read it 3 times.  It arrived quickly and in good condition.<br/>I loved it so much I just ordered and received the new illustrated version.  It's about as big as my MacBook Air and I just started reading it.<br/>I have done a separate review for it.
 Excellent addition to any HP fan's collection. My fiancé, though very much a grown up, loved it as a gift and we have both enjoyed looking through it.
 As with the three earlier books in the Potter series, if memory serves correctly this is my third time through Goblet. I've read it twice, and now listened to it on cd.  Overall, I still love the story and the way it basically changed everything. While Prisoner of Azkaban, my favorite Potter book (and movie, to date), was a bit darker than its predecessors, the danger still felt a little bit removed and the book still maintained a somewhat lighter tone.  With Goblet, Rowling turns Harry's world upside down and almost from the start the book feels darker; the joy and wonder of the Quidditch World Cup, people tend to forget, is preceded by  Harry "dreaming" about Lord Voldemort killing a Muggle and beginning his return to power. The bad stuff doesn't start with the Death Eaters and the Dark Mark at the Cup, but it certainly escalates from that point.<br/><br/>Experiencing the book for the third time, I was once again struck by how well Rowling builds on earlier throw-away comments and sets the stage for the later books.  She allows her teen characters to grow, while most of her adult characters remain infuriatingly predictable.  We can see Hagrid's blast-ended skrewt experiment ending badly before it even begins, and we know Hagrid will have at least one "I should not have told you that" moment; Dumbledore will be so focused on keeping Harry safe that he will neglect to share the very information Harry needs to make the smart decisions that will keep him safe; McGonagall will be stern and motherly at the same time; Snape will have those one or two moments where he vaguely threatens Harry and obstructs Harry's path but will ultimately not be a major part of the storyline .... except that, while all of that happens, Rowling actually gives us reasons this time. We get a bit more of Hagrid's history, we get to see just why Dumbledore is so distracted, and we start to see the Snape of the movies. In the first three books, Snape is a speedbump in the road and not much more. In this book, Snape quite literally is indirectly responsible for a character's death (had he not delayed Harry from seeing Dumbledore, Barty Crouch Sr might not have died) and in the final pages we see that he is going to be more than just a menacing teacher from this point on.  Rowling expands even the secondary characters' roles (with the Madame Maxime subplot for Hagrid, and the heightened involvement of the adult Weasleys), and her page count expands to accommodate that change in story-style.<br/><br/>She also introduces at least one intriguing new character: Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody. Moody quickly became a favorite character of mine, and remains so.  Even after what I think is one of the best plot twists in the Potter series (if not all of series fiction).  Listening to the book, I found myself even more attentive to Moody's scenes than I am when I'm rereading the book. And yes, the clues are all there early on, once you know where to look.<br/><br/>Some people have said that upon rereading Goblet, the teen relationship angst comes across as more forced than on the first read. I didn't find that to be so. Because while spurned feelings and requited attractions motivate the characters at various points, those emotions are still not the main plot (unlike at least one other YA urban fantasy series of great popularity, or so I've been told). Harry's interest in Cho and jealousy of Cedric, Ron's jealousy of Hermione and Krum, the poor Patil sisters stuck with dates who won't even pretend they're interested, even the ease with which Fred (or is it George) asks Angelina (or it is Katie) to the Ball ... all of this fits into the book as fine character work and subplot without taking our attention away from the main plots: the Tri-Wizard Tournament and the Return of Voldemort.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, there is one spbplot that annoyed me on the initial reading, annoyed me again when I reread the book, and still annoys me listening to the book. As wonderful a reader as Jim Dale is (and he is stretched to prove himself in this book, not only due to the length but due to the number of speaking characters to be interpreted), even he cannot generate any interest or excitement in the SPEW sub-plot. Way too much time is spent for a subplot that is ultimately dropped mid-book and not revisited in any of the remaining books. Yes, it's an important development for Hermione's character that she takes up the mantle of gaining equality for a down-trodden race. And yes, I'm sure in adulthood she worked tirelessly at the Ministry to finally get house elves the respect they deserve.  But an already long novel could have been 50 pages shorter if Hermione's Crusade had been cut out or at least mentioned less frequently. Perhaps my largest disappointment of the Potter series is that this major subplot ultimately went nowhere.  (I can foresee certain arguments having to do with events in Half-Blood Prince which were cut from the movie version, and in Deathly Hallows. I would ask that if you feel the urge to debate me / tell me I'm wrong, you try to be as vague as possible. I know of at least one person reading this blog regularly who has not read the books and so far has managed to not have any of the major events of DH spoiled for him before the movie comes out (which he will see opening weekend, as he has every other Potter movie, I'm sure).<br/><br/>I could natter on for pages yet, I'm sure. I haven't talked about the representation of sensationalist media in the form of Rita Skeeter. I haven't talked about Karkaroff and Krum, or the concept of other nation's schools of magic (I've always wondered why Rowling didn't use an American school, since the books were already selling so well over here. Might have been a nice nod to her American fans. Then again, the portrayal may have been unflattering.) But this is a review, not an essay. Overall, Goblet is my second-favorite book in the Potter series.  Great character development, great new characters introduced, lots of groundwork laid for the second half of the series and especially for the next book.
 The Harry Potter series is the greatest thing you’ll ever read. The cover art is nice but it’s really all about the book.
 Beautiful full color pages that enhance the full text (not abridged). My daughters and I eagerly await each new edition!
 The Ravenclaw edition is absolutely stunning! Love the details about Ravenclaw before and after the story! There are wonderful illustrations in it as well! I definitely recommend this for any Ravenclaw.
 I got my book on June 21 (Just like Amazon promised), and I read all 869 pages by the end of the week.<br/>Harry's fifth year at Hogwarts is not quite as exciting as his fourth, but the intrigue is as intense as ever.  Old friends return to the story, and new villains appear.<br/>JK Rowling must have the most difficult job in the literary world.  She has the responsibility to write blockbuster sequels to books that broke all previous records. Not only does she carry the weight of not wanting to disappoint fans around the globe, Bloomsbury and Scolastic have tied their financial futures to her continued success.<br/>The Order of the Pheonix is worth the wait.  Rowling's style is as good as ever; the flow is even, the action is compelling, and the surprises are unexpected.
 Book four was ah, soooo brilliantly written! It's tied for first place for my favorites in the series (Sorcerer's Stone and Prisoner of Azkaban)! Gosh, I LOVED the Goblet of Fire, and rank it 5/5!<br/><br/>While I didn't care too much for the whole beginning portion with the Quidditch match, it was important and necessary in order to explain the catalyst of the Dark Lord's return. (Look, you were going to find out anyway. *eyeroll*) I really don't have many complaints, but I suppose it would be remiss of me not to mention my small issue with the plethora of new characters introduced. I still can't tell who is who exactly within the Ministry of Magic group.<br/><br/>It had this Hunger Games feel and was matched with mystery, suspense, thriller, a pinch of romance, and of course fantasy! As per her usual, JK Rowling connected each event and made everything have some sort if weight in order to develop a character or situation.<br/><br/>I'm extremely excited to see the film adaptation and look forward to tackling book five!
 I like the Harry Potter books, though I only recently got in to them after seeing the two movies.  While the first few books are fairly innocent, it's obvious the novels are growing up with Harry himself.  This one was much darker than the previous books and scared me quite a bit!<br/>The story was interesting, once I started reading it I couldn't put it down.  I wanted to know what crazy rule Dolores Umbridge was going to instill upon Hogwarts next.  Once Harry starts taking private lessons from Professor Snape, the book gets extremely good.  After that, I REALLY couldn't put it down!  I was slightly disappointed in the ending, it just didn't seem right to me.  Overall, great book.  While not as great as some of the others, it was definitely a fantastic read.  I can't wait for #6!
 It's beautiful. Purchased as part of my HP collection. The extra pages and sections about Ravenclaw are amazing.
 J.K. Rowling does it again--the same fine descriptive prose, exciting action, amazing monsters, page-turning climax, and of course, a gentle lesson at the end.<br/>As you all know, someone does indeed die but it's not  who you expect.  As usual, someone close to Harry attempts to hurt him, and  as usual it's not who you expect. And with the nasty turn of events near  the end you might expect the tone to become dark.  It remains hopeful and  courageous to the finish.<br/>The gratifying thing about this series is that  it keeps getting better--you won't be disappointed in Goblet of Fire; in  fact you'll be glad that it's almost 750 pages so it will last at least a  few under-the-sheets-with-the-flashlight nights.<br/>How long do we have to  wait for the next one?
 The illustrations in this are beautiful! I have the 3 that have been released so far, and will purchase the remaining 4 once they are released.
 I bought several books for an orphanage in Ethiopia - the kids speak 3 languages, including English and are ravenous readers.  They loved this book and all the others I sent!  I sent mostly books about science and inventors, but this was one I thought could spark imagination - apparently they LOVED it!  Go JK!
 Love this series, the soft cover books are good quality, arrived quickly, and enjoyed by several readers.
 I know these were supposed to be childrens books, but what can I say?  This book reminded me a bit of "The Chronicals of Narnia" in that they begin in a Dreary grey repressive British household and then gradually move into an enchanting world full of excitement, fun and even danger!  Poor Harry Potter, trapped with his relatives, the Durdsleys who make him sleep under the stiars while their own son has two bedrooms.  Then one day he starts receiving letters which they do not allow him to read.  However everytime they throw them out the next day more an more keep appearing, under the door, down the chimmney, through the window.  Harry finally discovers that he has been admitted to the Hogwarts school of Wizardry, where his long dead parents first met.  All this is unknown to him and begins one of the most fun stories of the year!
 I love the feeling of being enchanted and magical. Thrilled to see what comes next.  I am off to the next in the series.
 I bought this for my niece to discover the world of Harry Potter just as I did. I am so excited for her read this first book!!! The book is beautiful and came just as expected!
 This one is a classic. I'm reading it to my daughter who is only 8 years old but loves the idea of getting into the Harry Potter universe. Soon she'll be old enough to read it, but for now it's gearing her up to read it herself and building her excitement. Great series, great movies, and great books.
 I was impressed by Rowling's latest entry into the Potter canon!  For the first time the kids seem like real kids with emotional outbursts, sulky moments and petty fights.  Everyone got along so well (in the group of friends of course -- we'd have to exclude the odious Draco, Crabbe et al) in previous books that I'd sometimes wonder when we'd see any real middle school behavior!  The last 100 pages are clearly the most gripping part of the book, but there are many excellent moments leading up to the grand finale.  Lots of clever bits as usual (I love the O.W.L.S. and NEWTS and the secret room that knows what you need -- don't we all need one of these!) and fun side plots (the Weasley brother's joke business and Hagrid's misadventures) that keep you glued.  If you're already a fan, there's nothing not to like.  For the newly initiatiated, you'd have to be completely devoid of imagination not to enjoy the ride.  Kudos to Rowling for keeping her standards high.
 This book the 4th of a seven book series about the adventures of a young wizard named Harry Potter.  This book just like the other three books is excellent as ever.  This book keeps you guessing and making it impossible  to put down.  The only thing about the storyline I will reveal that Harry  will be chosen for competing in the Triwizard Tournament, the tournament  set between several wizards and witches from around the world to see who is  the best.  Harry competes in it even though he did not enter his name.  This leads to questioning on how he was entered.  The tournament can be  dangerous so could someone be trying to kill Harry Potter.  If you want to  find out read the book. If you have not ever read any of the Harry Potter  books I recommend reading them starting with Harry Potter and the  Sorcerer's Stone.
 Gave this to my sister for Christmas, and she loved it.  The illustrations are great and she is now collecting them.
 I read this book as fast as I could, and despite it's length, I was finished by early afternoon the day after it came out.  As will all of the Harry Potter books, I didn't want it to end, and I can't wait for the next installment.<br/>This is definatly the darkest of the Harry Potter books, and is showing a new level of writing maturity for the author.  The readers are growing up as Harry does, and Rowling has been able to accuratly judge what her readers can and can't handle, and while she may come close to the line, I do not think she has stepped over it.  I encourage the parents of younger readers, probably ages 12 and younger, to read the book with their children and help them with any of the parts that might be beyond their understanding or experiance, but I see no reason why anyone else would have any problems with the difficulty level of the book.<br/>This is a terrific and engrossing read, and I congratulate author J.K. Rowling on her latest triumph.
 Aside from the 7th book (and final...I'm still sad about that), this was my absolute favorite book in the HP series.  There were so many twists and turns and well, I simply loved it!  When I first saw the book, I compared the size to Prizoner of Azkaban and wow.  I didn't think I'd have time to read it, but once I started (granted, the beginning was a bit slow), I couldn't put the book down and I ended up reading it in about two weeks (I'm a preschool teacher so I don't get much time to myself!).  Since I began reading the series late, book 5 had already been published (as had book 6) so I immediately went on to read those two.<br/><br/>Anyway, back to GOF...it's just amazing; J.K. puts so much depth into each and every one of her characters, no matter how minor they may be.  That is one of the things that keeps me reading these books over and over again.  Anyway, if you're looking for something good to read, I highly suggest this...but read the other three first. ;)  Just a suggestion. :)
 My grandson LOVED THIS BOOK!  Lots of richly detailed and colorful illustrations that make the story come alive. Highly recommend this for kids 8-80.
 Like 8.5 million other people, I received my copy of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix yesterday and began reading voraciously right away.  I compared it to a movie release that I had been looking forward to for a long time; you don't go to the theater and watch half the movie, get up, leave and finish a few days later.  You watch the entire movie in one sitting.  After eagerly anticipating this book for the past three years, I decided to commit my entire day yesterday to thoroughly reading Book 5.<br/>  My patience and endurance paid off.  Rowling has done it again, brilliantly tying up loose ends from the past four books and starting new plot lines perfectly.  I have always thought that these books are readable independently from one another; although it makes sense to start with Book 1 and read through Book 5 chronologically, I realized as I read Book 5 that someone could pick up this book and enjoy it on its own.  And from cover to cover, this is an amazing stand-alone book.<br/>  As other reviewers have stated, this book is more psychological than those in the past.  I thought this was great, for as Potter and company grow older, it makes sense that their thoughts will continue to develop and delve deeper into their consciousnesses.  For example, there is a brief paragraph about Harry's first fifth-year encounter with a female interest from the past, in which he wishes he were laughing and telling jokes to a group of popular kids instead of the dorky children he is actually with.  This is such an honest truth about the way adolescent (and sometimes grown-up) minds work when encountering someone we want to empress.<br/>  Aside from the psychologically human aspects Rowling adds to this tome, she continues to make Harry's world the entire world, not just that of Hogwart's.  But she is not showing us a magical earth for the sake of expansion, rather she is showing the natural progression of Harry's understanding of his life and how it is connected to the far reaches of the Earth.  I think sometimes authors expand their stories in this way because they run out of material in the small world they have created around their primary characters, but Rowling brushes aside that tendency and just tells a great story.  Rarely am I invited to a new world like this and felt so welcomed, so excited by what I am to learn next.<br/>  There are so many other little aspects I could point out, such as the wonderful way new characters show up in the book while the old characters continue their personal development.  The same goes for the dozens of plot lines and little things that make Harry special.  Through the other four books, the only problem I had was that Harry did not seem special enough--he just seemed to get lucky at the right times and had people to help him out.  It was as if anyone could be in Harry's position.  In this book, Rowling directly addresses that folly and establishes that sure, Harry has gotten lucky and has help from others, but there is a reason for those things and there are things that set him apart from the rest.<br/>  Last, I am amazed by the way that Rowling continues to build social commentary into a kid's book.  She talks about educational reform, racism, and the power of government intervention on everyday lives.  I even saw hints of the debates that followed 9/11--should one government interfere with a potential threat, or wait until the threat becomes real?  I do not know if Rowling intended to bring that into play (it parallels the storyline of how the Ministry denies the resurgence of Voldemort), but it fits nicely with this day in time.<br/>  All in all, I had no hesitation giving this book 5 stars.  It is brilliantly written, perfectly paced, and invites us to a world that is so close to our own and yet so far away.  Let the momentum from the first four push you into the pages of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
 Mom loved this, and now she wants the set! (R.I.P. Dads wallet). Borrowed it from her and I have to say it is in pretty good condition would buy from them again!
 Of course the story is great and digital illustrated version is beautiful as well. My 8 yr old loves it.
 This book was delivered quickly and in great condition. This illustrated series of Harry Potter books is a must-have for any Harry Potter fan.
 The fifth book in the Harry Potter series, Order of the Phoenix, is a much darker peek into the life of our boy Wizard. Harry is a teenager now, filled to the brim with the hormones and angst common to all teenagers. Dealing with Lord Voldermort on top of all that makes him quite surly and unhappy for much of the book. I found myself not liking Harry much for long stretches of the story. That was the point, though, I think, to portray the true upheaval of puberty, the sturm and drang that is only natural to a boy of 15. It makes Harry not only a wizard and a hero, but a true-to-life portait of a misunderstood teenager.<br/>The novel is fast-paced and intense. You'll find the answers to lots of questions, and as many more questions are raised. I can't honestly recommend this book for younger readers, though. The dark undercurrent running through the story may be too much for them. I did like the book very much, though. I only wish Harry had been a more likable and sympathetic character instead of wallowing in self-pity so much of the time. A solid entry in the series that makes me impatient for the next book.
 The artwork to this book is amazing.<br/>I can't wait until the rest of the series is released.
 I’ve always loved HP, and now I’m finally introducing my kiddos to this magical world. It’s a favorite with all ages.
 Harry finally returns to us, and it was worth the wait.  For us at least--not sure about him.<br/>JK Rowling has again shown her imagination and creativity, as well as her understanding of humanity (teenaged boys especially), and has given us a compelling book, again geared toward an older audience than the first three.<br/>Harry's charmed life at Hogwarts--celebrity, youngest Quidditch player in a century, humble, bright, gifted--begins to unravel a bit, and he has quite a lousy year at school.  But not to fear--it gets really awful after that.<br/>The book is as compelling as the first four, and quite a quick read in spite of its imposing size.<br/>Excellent effort.  The only thing that saddened me more than the well-publicized death is the realization that I've only two more books to read, and then I'll be saying good-bye to Harry forever.
 And it's not an easy road for him even without being the most famous wizard in the world.<br/><br/>I love the way J.K. Rowling writes about Harry as a teenager. One moment he's happy, the next, angry and sulky. In this book his attempts to date are clumsy, just like in real life.<br/><br/>This book is a great mixture of comedy and drama and has one of the best climaxes ever, which is even better than the scene in book 3.<br/><br/>Having read it for the 3rd or 4th time, I see that it is brilliant. I caught all sorts of nuances I didn't catch the first time I devoured it whole.<br/><br/>It also has the worse villian. Even more horrible than He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named.<br/><br/>So read it for the comical moments, the intense moments and that theme of friendship and sacrifice that makes the Harry Potter series so special.
 Fast shipping, great condition, had a slight bend in the cover but it was shipped in sturdy box for protection. Overall I'm pleased with my purchase. I'm late to reading Harry Potter but I'm loving the series!
 I've read the first three Potter books and I've seen all of the films, but I have to say that "Prisoner of Azkaban" is the best of the lot.  This book, in my opinion, develops all of the key characters to a degree better than the two previous tales.  The reader also begins to notice how age is beginning to affect young Harry.  He is slowly becoming a moody teenager, and this is most evident in the early portions of the book when he uses magic in the Muggle world.  Hermione and Ron are also developing into more mature young adults.  They bicker and squabble like brother and sister(or is it boyfriend and girlfriend?).<br/><br/>We are also introduced to some key characters in Potter lore.  Most important are Sirius Black, Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew.  Without giving too much away for those who haven't read the book or viewed the flicks, just know that these three characters are pivotal to this particular book AND future volumes.  We also catch a glimpse of characters like Cedric Diggory, Professor Trelawney, and Cho Chang.<br/><br/>Not only are we introduced to some new characters, but we get to catch up with the likes of Draco Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, Seamus Finnigan, Percy, Fred and George, and the clueless Neville Longbottom.<br/><br/>For those unfamiliar with this book, it tells the story of Harry's third year at Hogwart's.  Naturally, trouble is a-brewing and it is centered around Harry.  It seems that the murderous Sirius Black has escaped from Azkaban prison, a first in the wizarding world.  He seems to be intent on finishing what Voldemort started, which is to kill Harry.  As the story unfolds, things become rather interesting and culminate in the best Potter climax that I've read so far.<br/><br/>Once again, I have to throw in that all of the Potter books are wonderful for youngsters to read.  They are full of adventure and wonder that any young mind can easily digest.  These stories let kids be kids, and fire their imaginations into creating their own adventures.  Harry ISN'T satanic, nor does he lead children into the world of magic.  As long as parents tend to their children properly, there won't be any problems.  Do be advised that as Harry grows, his adventures become more precarious and deal with young adult themes, so I would try to stay at least one book ahead of my child in reading these stories.  My daughter isn't quite old enough to read these stories, but she has seen all of the films.  However, she is not allowed to watch all of the "Goblet of Fire" film, and if you've seen it, you know why.<br/><br/>Highly recommended book for youngsters and oldsters alike.
 Beautiful book. My daughter and I switched from the regular paperback to this version and she loves the illustrations.
 The same wonderful book, but with beautiful illustrations on every page. I was looking for a way to keep my three year old interested in the book while I read it to her. She loves books, but enjoys them much more when there are pictures to go with the words.
 Book 4 started out slower than the others, but by midway was hard to put down!
 I've heard a lot of criticism about J.K. Rowling's books, but I must say that anything that keeps children reading, and not watching television, has got to be good.  In the US, we constantly see articles about declining literacy rates or the amount of television that an average child watches during the day.  I am ecstatic to see the response from Rowling's books.  I am 20 years old and I have read books one through four, twice.  And just thinking about Harry, Ron, and Hermione, makes me want to read them a third time.  I'm not the only one, either.  My 56 year old father also enjoys them.  He says that they remind him of "The Hobbit" series by J.R.R. Tolkien, fun and imaginative. And they are just that, fantasy and fun!<br/>The thought of anyone thinking that these books somehow condone occults or Satan, seems absolutely ludacrist.  I've always been an avid reader, but these books are just too tempting to pass up.  And I don't mean tempting by the way of Satan.<br/>If we really want to "save" our children from the devil and all other sorts of evil that some people think are associated with these books, let's focus on the people that raise the children, not an author trying to make children happy.  Just think about it, J.K Rowling didn't have to continue with the third or fourth book if she didn't want to.  So many books were bought with the first and second editions, that she could have been set for life.  But instead, she chose to do something that made her and millions of other people in the world happy.  She continued to make us laugh with these books.<br/>I've heard so many stories about parents reading these books to their children, instead of watching a TV program together.  Now what do you think that a child will remember more, sitting together in silence watching a rerun of Sabrina or a delightful half-hour of reading with their Mom or Dad?  I think that anyone who has read these books knows the answer to that.<br/>I'd suggest these books to anyone, whether you can read them in two days or two years, these books are just too good to miss.
 Has been my favorite book so far . I wish I wouldn't have put off reading the series so long, I wasn't interested as a teenager and now I say 30 something year old I've read these every year , and now I'm reading them to my kids. Awesome
 I would love to say I read this as a kid. But even as an adult, reading it a second time through is just as entertaining as it was the first time 15 years ago
 The story seemed as if there were changed to what I remember, and the graphics make it interesting for younger readers.
 I have been a potter fan since they came out. This book was for my daughter so she can start her own collection.
 "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", the fourth Harry Potter book, begins a change in the mood of the series.<br/><br/>For the first time, we see a larger picture of the world of the wizards-- we see both good and evil portrayed, and we see the actions of the evil and how it effects the innocent.  The story turns significantly darker, and such topics as torture, terror, and murder are all prevelent in the book.  In short, it's not quite as innocent and unassuming as the first three books.<br/><br/>What it is though is fantastically well written, with the characters developing far more depth and developing the first real stirrings of romantic feelings, as naive and innocent as they may be.  J.K. Rowling again manages to construct a page-turner-- keeping the pace fast, the prose reasonably light, and the story quite interesting.  I dinged this one a star because it feels a bit disjoint and there are elements of the story that seem to be a bit less focused and essential than others-- everything felt critical in the first three books, but parts of this don't.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, it's a superb book, but it's the first one in the Harry Potter series I'd think that parents should definitely read before their children to make sure they feel it's altogether appropriate-- it is significantly darker and may be harder to deal with for younger children.
 IT WAS SHIPPED FAST. OUR NEPHEW LOVEDIT. ONE THING WHEN WE OPENED IT THIS PAGES WAS A LITTLE BIT WRINKLED.
 Animated cartoons are mind boggling. Beautifully illustrated. Will buy them all if they make them
 This book was definitely worth the wait.  Granted, it's a lot darker than the other four Harry Potter books, and Harry's got more of an attitude this time around--which is completely understandable, considering everything he's gone through, particularly in book 4--but that just goes to show how he's growing up and dealing with the nasty turn of events in his life.  One of the best things I like about this book are the villains...this book has *definitely* taught me that Snape sure isn't the worst person out there, in the wizarding world.  Especially that new "Defense against the Dark Arts" professor...she sure is like poisoned honey.  Or maybe an ugly toad-green apple that's rotten through and through.  Anyway...this book was an excellent read, and I can't wait till book 6 comes out. :)
 I cannot state in this space what hasn't already been said about the absolute brilliance and genre of J.K. Rowlings novel/novels. I'm completely sure, without a doubt, that 100 years from now, these books will find their home on an old, carved mahogany bookshelf next to the likes of A.A.Milne, Beatrix Potter, Frank Baum, Grimm Brothers, Mark Twain, Edgar Allen Poe, the Bronte Sisters, Madeleine L'Engle, John Steinbeck, H.G. Wells, George Orwell, Shakespeare (quite possibly!)etc...As readers we are truly lucky to have been a part of this literary whirlwind and excitement and will remember well, for generations to come, these masterpieces we lovingly call "The Harry Potter Books".
 I was looking for the original covers for my brother and was so happy to find this one here. It came new and in perfect condition. And it's Harry Potter, what's not to love?!
 Harry enters his fifth year at Hogwarts with a tremendous change to his personality. Alack, he has truly become a teenager. The character development in this series is why the books sell so well. This particular storyline is filled with such awful gut-wrenching occurrences that you begin to wonder why Harry tries at all. You feel sorry for the little dude. You empathize with him. This book shows his emotions trying to figure out how to be adult and how to stay a kid; shows his attitude needing some serious adjustment and showing the break from authority that seems to be necessary to become an independent free-thinking adult. It's a hard book to read and an even harder book to put down. I love the whole series and eagerly await the arrival of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
 I cannot believe this book. The fifth installment in the Harry Potter series certianly contains its fair share of action, adventure, intrigue, humor, and surprises.<br/>I would be hesistant to say that this is the best of the series, but it is delightful and the ending is crammed full of interesting tidbits. I was incredibly sad over the death of one of the characters, but I understand why that particular character was chosen.<br/>I did appreciate how JK Rowling has attempted to prove the characters are growing up, the jealousy, anger, frustration, and romance displayed in the book are fair representations of the emotions found in a teenagers life, just modified with witchcraft and wizardry. I did not appreciate Harry's many temper tantrums, but then again, it's not my book.<br/>It was also nice to see some new characters, as well as bringing Firenze back, he is such a cool centaur. oooo, that lady though, Professor Umbridge, she was a piece of work!!! i wouldn't like to have to serve a detention with that individual!<br/>I was very pleased with the book overall and I am very much looking forward to the next book in the series!!
 Fantastic book, boys love the illustrations and of course the story itself. Well packaged &amp; delivered on time
 I have to admit that it took me some time to start the book.  I picked this book up at least 6 times before actually reading past the first chapter.  My wife had read it when it first came out and has been telling me to stick with it.  I'm glad I did.<br/><br/>Once I got about 150 pages in, I was hooked.  Excellent read.  Leaves you wanting more and more and the climactic end, oh!!  You had better be able to set aside enough time to finish once you reach the ending chapters or you'll lose sleep thinking about it, wondering what happened.  You have to know, so you keep reading and you won't be disappointed!<br/><br/>Good from beginning to end and ties up nicely in preparation for the fifth book.  I'll start that one next while this one is fresh in my head.<br/><br/>***** 5 Stars!
 This was my second time reading this book. I loved it and got a lot more out of it! I was about 12 or so when it came out so it’s a lot different reading it now.<br/><br/>Goblet of Fire is also one of my favorites in the series.<br/>If you haven’t read it, definitely do. If you have, read it again!
 Beware legal guardians who not allow this to be read in their home. No one should ever stop a kid from reading what they want.
 I don't need to get into what this series is all about. If you are reading this, you are most likely an avid fan already.  But Rowling just keeps getting better.  While this book is far longer than any of the other books, it flows so seemlessly that the book is over before you know it leaving you wanting Book 6!<br/>Jim Dale once again turns in a performance that is out of this world.  His voices for each of the characters is distinct and recognizable, even with all the new characters that have been introduced.  His timing and presentation are fantastic.  I can't put into words how his voice transforms the book into the vocal world of Harry Potter.<br/>For fans who love the series, I highly recommend getting the audio book.  It is a completely different experience from reading it.
 Love the book but it does not play on older Kindle Fire devices. Please check before you order the book. I am having to use a different tablet to view the animation. They are supposed to update what devices are compatible.
 My daughter is reading these books to my grandsons and the illustrations make it all the more enjoyable for them.  Can’t wait for the rest of the series!
 The 5th edition of the Harry Potter series The Order of the Phoenix has all the makings of a classic thriller. Each chapter characteristically ends with intrigue and leaves one unable to put the book down. In this book, He Who Must Not Be Named is Back and in Full Power though for most of the book he does not make any personal appearances. The Order of the Phoenix a secret society of good wizards who fought Voldemort during the first war are revived by Dunmbledore....It is also true that Harry acts like a snot in a good deal of the book, but we see the reason for this near the end of it(at least partially).<br/>I highly recommend this book, but note that it is a more personal tale than the others, where we more of Harry's personality and not just his persona. It is also darker than the others at least in the end.<br/>Some pieces of it are so well-written you will find yourself repeating them again and again. I will not tel how it ends, but it will leave you wanting more as is characteristic of all Rowling's books.
 These books are beautifully illustrated and a must have for any Potter fan!
 How wonderful is "The Prisoner of Azkaban?" I couldn't wait for this book to come out and I wasn't disappointed. Each one of the "Harry Potter" books leaves you wanting more (in a really good  way.) I have given them to my nieces and my new nephew, who is only 12  weeks old, I wouldn't want him to miss out on these fantastic adventures  when he's old enough to read. So let's celebrate the newest book with some  butterbeer and start checking off the days until the next book comes out.  Congratulations Ms. Rowling.<br/>Hogwarts is just a starting place, like  platform 9 and 3/4 is, who knows what's out there if you just start  looking.
 Great addition to our Harry Potter collection. It’s fun with the illustrations
 I enjoyed the animation and hope they will do the other six books.
 Absolutely beautiful! I have the other two books and I absolutely love the images and the quality. Can't wait until the next one comes out! Packaging could have been a little better - it came in a box but had to type of wrapping on it to ensure the edges weren't bent/damaged.
 My kids and I have been reading this in kindle edition and absolutely love the animations and illustrations!! Same book I ready in high school is now entertaining for my youngsters!!
 Product came bumped. No response for correction
 Book arrived in great condition and quickly too.  Color is vibrant and clear.  Cover is sturdy.
 As the mother of four children,  I have fallen in love with these books.  These books are not just about a magical world in which Harry Potter goes  to school, they are magic themselves because my 11 year old that hated to  read was given one as a birthday present from his stepfather and he  discovered the joy of reading!  (Thank you J.K. Rawling)  We own two  complete sets of these books at our house and reread them often, my kids  would rather reread a Harry Potter book than watch T.V.<br/>Book four is  great, A little surprising and yes, I cried when the one character died.  Here at our house we are waiting and counting down until number five will  be released!
 These books are so amazing!  I have all 3 so far.  Great addition to any library.  Illustrations are wonderful and the are a nice size to be put on display
 When I heard about the first Harry Potter book I was prepared to dismiss it as an ill-informed parody and/or exploitation of occultism. Now, five volumes later, I am a devoted reader. This, volume five, was no exception. The excellent character development and magical atmosphere is strong as ever. These books are the perfect escape from the concerns of the day.<br/>  Yet, Rowling has added a new element to this fifth book. Actually, it isn't new; it is more of a shift in emphasis. All of the previous books have contained valuable lessons about life, friendships, and the battle between light and darkness. This one, however, drives it home in a more mature manner. Many readers have called it "dark." I suppose that it is dark in the sense that it shows that good and noble institutions can be infiltrated and corrupted. A lot of people do not want to admit that possibility- especially to impressionable young readers. You see, characters like Cornelius Fudge and Professor Umbridge are all too common in the real world. They use once useful and beneficial organizations to gain their own selfish and twisted ends. It is the fortunate student who learns this lesson early while they are still in school and before they are blindsided by it in the outside world.<br/>Yet, in spite of this darkness, or maybe because of it, an important lesson is taught. The lesson is this- when the system is corrupt, you can resist. You can form an underground resistance and fight it, if you know in your heart of hearts that you are on the side of justice, right, and good. No wonder more than a few schools, churches, and parents have a problem with these books, and this book in particular....<br/>But perhaps far more frightening is the prospect that there may be something dark and unrecognized in yourself. It is this that young Harry must face and conquer. As these characters mature, so do the philosophical and moral issues that are covered. Personally, I cannot wait to get my hands on book six. You see, even an old wizard can learn a few new tricks.
 Fantastic for early readers. All of these are wonderfully done and instantly pulls the reader in. They are wonderful - esp if you have an early reader.
 This is my second copy of this book, I got it because my wife is teaching about Harry Potter and I didn’t want her to use my nice copy. Great book
 this is the fourth installment of the best book series and my favorite book series in the whole world harry potter this book starts out with recounts of murders of the tom riddle sr and his parents as you know tom riddle sr is the father of the wizard who later becomes lord voldemort tom marvolo riddle the whole town of little and great hangleton are convinced that the gardener for the riddles frank bryce is the one who commited the murders but when the coronor finds no trace of how the riddles died frank is free to go then harry potter has visions in his sleep of what voldemort is up to with his servant wormtail peter pettigrew and involving something to happen at hogwarts to get at harry to regenerate voldemort and the best way to do it is the triwizard tournament with two other schools of wizardry durmstrang and beauxbatons and 3 tasks madeye moody is he real or an imposter all the while the dark mark at the quidditch world cup and harry getting help throughout the triwizard tournament and making into the end it is fun,funny,fast paced,dark,darker then the others excepts the order of the phoenix this will keep you on your seat wondering what is going to happen to harry next as he went through so much already once you read this and all the harry potter books you will want to read harry more and more and never stop like i do and waiting for more of harry's next adventure's and trips on the hogwarts express back to his place he feels  most at home hogwarts castle harry potter is the best book and movie series in the whole world i support harry potter all the way 100% and always will forever.
 When Amazon.com announced the release date for the book last year, I immediately put my order in. A few months later, I took Amazon up on an offer to get the book to my house on the release date... it was very much worth the extra two dollars!<br/><br/>I only had to wait six months between the time I finished "The Goblet of Fire" to when "The Order of the Phoenix" was released, and it was a long enough wait. "Phoenix" is a wonderfully told story that, once again, captures the voice of a now-teenage Harry and his friends. You can almost feel his agony leaping off the pages.<br/><br/>While the book still has some light moments (like anything dealing with Fred and George and their 'extendable ears'), this is book is definitely darker and more mature. The cover of the book alone, with its blues and blacks as the only colors, is a clue that this book will be different from the others. Harry has definitely matured from book four and his troubles only multiply in this book.<br/><br/>A note of caution: I work for a daycare and know for a fact that many children are starting the series and are able to read right through them now that there are five books to catch up on. No eleven year old child should be reading this book. JK Rowling designed her series so that the children who started reading her books several years ago, would be much older now. This book is designed for young adults and up. It's much too deep and disturbing for younger children.
 I think JK Rowling outdid herself on this one. Much more comes into play--background info, character development, and so on. Yes, a main character dies; it is supremely well done and really adds to the characterization of Harry, Sirius, Snape, Lupin, Dumbledore, and others.<br/>Harry is such a jerk in this book; but hey, he's a teenager who needs to grow up quickly lest others die due to his immaturity. We learn so much more about Lupin, Sirius, and Snape, especially! I love complex characters, and JK gave me plenty in this book. She also significantly broadened our understanding of the wizarding world.<br/>In addition, the editing was well done, unlike Book 4, so that the reader could really enjoy the story. Order of the Phoenix pushed Book 3 into second place.
 Having the BEST time ever reading this to my daughter each night and sharing my HP love with her. She has trouble focusing, so the beautiful illustrations really keep her tuned in. This is a true work of art and the quality is wonderful.
 Of course the book was great, but also the reader did an outstanding job animating the voices of the characters.
 I purchased this for a dear friend of mine for Christmas. It was very lovely and I was very impressed by the quality.
 Although usually the word "sequel" prepares you to lower your expectations, this fourth installment in the Harry Potter series packs even more excitement, quirky characters, and tightly plotted events than the  previous three books.  Much attention has been paid to its length (734  pages and four pounds), but it is a supremely satisfying read.  You will  want to savor every page.  Although most of the major plot elements of this  volume are resolved by the end, the author hints at some of the challenges  which lie ahead for our hero, paving the way for more excitement in volume  five.  Film critic Roger Ebert writes that the reason the "Star  Wars" series is so successful is that its creator George Lucas pays  careful attention to even the minutest detail, populating even the corners  of the frame with interesting characters.  In much the same way, J. K.  Rowling packs the Harry Potter books with so much detail that the world of  witches and wizards comes alive.  In "Goblet of Fire", this  enchanting world is revealed in greater scope, with more of the action  taking place in the wider world outside the Hogwarts School.  We learn for  the first time of the existence of other schools of wizardry, and we meet  characters from other cultures.  Although so many things about the  wizarding world are different, at the same time we can really identify with  the thoughts and feelings of these characters:  the awkwardness of  adolescence, the loneliness of an orphaned boy and the excitement of first  love.  Rowling has written a book to delight Harry Potter fans everywhere.  My question is, how long until she produces volume 5?
 I just recently finished a second reading of "The Order of the Phoenix."  And I must say that everything Rowling said would happen, is a big down-play to what actually happens.  The normal array of twists and turns in the plot kept me reading the thing straight through, at 870 pgs. this took awhile.  I was amazed at the revelations Rowling reveals.  I wasn't expecting to find out about many of the things till her last book.<br/>This book has grown-up with Harry.  Rowling doesn't play the kids as little sweet boys and girls, but gives them raw teenage emotions.  Plus you get to meet all your old friends.  Almost everyone from the previous books comes back into this one, even Lockhart in a small, but amusing, role.<br/>This books has many joyous times but also has its sad.  Like Rowling has said someone dies.  She wasn't kidding.  Many people will be upset to see this character gone.  But their death brings up many questions in Harry, that add to the wonderful book this is.  I recommend that anyone and everyone read it.  Though you don't have to read the other books before you read this one, I think you should.  Happy Reading.
 Can't believe I missed out on this series when I was younger. It's great. An interesting look at wizards and different from what I'm used to reading.
 This book was absolutely fantastic, I laughed, I cried, and I never put it down. Such a great way to lose yourself.
 The fourth Harry Potter book is finally out!Everyone wanted a copy.  Why? Because it is a great book full of intrigue, mystery, and excitement.  Harry Potter's fourth year at Hogwarts, school of witchcraft and wizardy,  begins.  A very exciting anouncement is made.  The tri-wizard tournament  will be held at Hogwarts that very year! (Only witches and wizards 17 or  older will be able to enter, though).  But all is not well in the school  once they pick the contestents because a shocking surprise pops up.  A line  of surprises follow.  Harry and his friends are led into a evil mystery  that links together with clues from the begining of the book.  Harry has so  much to worry about, not to mention the upcoming Yule Ball.  (Which girl  will he ask?).  He certainly isn't prepared for what's in store at the end  of the tri-wizard tournement!  I won't spoil the end.  You'll have to read  the book.  But i'll tell you this, if you liked the other 3 books, you'll  definitely like this one!  It is worth all 734 pages.  I know it's long,  but I finished it in two days.That's how good it is!  Harry Potter and the  Goblet of Fire is a really great addition to the series.  You absoulutely  HAVE to read it.  If you haven't already, read the other three books in  J.K. Rowlings exciting series!
 I'm collecting the illustrated versions of all 7 books..i think just 3 are out.  I'm waiting for Goblet of Fire.
 Beautiful illustrations to make this wonderful story even better. The illustrations and animations worked on my iPad mini. However, every picture is not animated.
 I cannot wait till the rest of the series is released. The pages are very colorful. Easy to read. Gave as a gift. My Harry Potter loving child adores this book.
 This is my fourth time reading the series and this time I thoroughly enjoyed having the added illustrations. It brought even more magic to the experience.
 The fourth Harry Potter is significantly darker than the first three.  harrys is growing up, and is about to face some difficult challenges.  Unlike the first three books, the fourth Harry starts not with Harry's departure to Hogwarts, but with a Quidditch tournament, during which some dark misteries are unveiled, misteries which are signs of the things to come.<br/><br/>The Quidditch tournament, another year at Hogwarts and a Triwizard tournament are the highlights.  Harry comes face to face with his arch-enemy Voldemort, which is bound to split the wizarding world.<br/><br/>Though beautifully and expertly written, the fourth Harry Potter is just a tad too long, with descriptions that are more detailed and lengthy (sometimes unnecessarily so) than usual.  Still, the fourth Harry is just as gripping as the first three, and keeps the reader wanting for more.  And fortunately there is more.  Order of Phoenix, here I come!
 this book is great my kids and i are really enjoying it. But in Chapter 11 "Quidditch" there are some missing pages it goes directly from the cursed broomstick to harry almost swallowing the snitch. With no connection between the two events. This is a minor error but editing should have caught it. I'll post again if i see any other missing passages.
 Jim Dale is so great. We listen to these every time we get in the car, not just for long road trips!
 Got this for my 8 year old daughter and it's a great looking book!
 Excellent service. The illustrations are well-done and capture the feeling of the book. Wanted to keep this for myself, but my granddaughter got it as planned.
 The classic start to a tale that we all know and love, now wrapped in your favorite house's colors. There are several pages in the front and back about the Ravenclaw house as well. Makes a great gift for the Ravenclaw in your life!
 In each of the preceding Harry Potter novels, JKR introduced us to new characters and plotlines.  In Order of the Phoenix, few of the major characters are new  with the notable exception of the vile, pink-sweater-wearing-headmistress-wannabe Delores Umbridge] and she explores more deeply some of the old themes and characters. To my delight, some of the familiar characters emerge as unlikely heroes.  My heart soared as the defiant Fred and George Weasley flew away on their brooms to realize entrepreneurial success.  And Neville fighting Lord Voldemort alongside Harry -- who knew?  Hermione, of course, has always been my favorite.  Her quickly devised plan to introduce Umbridge to the Centaurs was brilliant!!  Many of themes in this novel left me feeling unsatisfied -- Harry's relationship with Cho Chang, being an example.  And really, he should appreciate by now that Snape is not his enemy.  In fact, Harry was not very likeable in this installment.  Self-absorbed, unnecessarily defiant, moody.  A byproduct of the teenage years, I suppose.  Still, JKR has achieved another imaginative, compelling story that I recommend to anyone who loves the basic literary device of good triumphing over evil.
 Every new Harry Potter book has managed the neat trick of being better, more involving and more exciting than the one before, but I didn't think J.K. Rowling could possibly top "Prisoner of Azkaban" this time  around.  Boy, was I wrong!  "Goblet of Fire" takes the series  into whole new realms of the sinister, shocking, and heartbreaking, all  while staying true to the series and the characters we all know and love so  well by now.  It's all funny, true, and completely (no pun intended)  spellbinding.<br/>The last 200 pages or so of this book shocked, terrified,  and disturbed me, and left me exhausted, thrilled, fully satisfied, and yet  hungrier than ever to see what the author has in store for Books 5, 6, and  7!  She knows where she's going, and I predict she'll keep us hanging on  every word along the way.  These books don't deserve to be slapped with the  demeaning label of "children's books" -- take it from a  31-year-old with a BA in English Lit, these are LITERATURE.  Any adult who  still considers himself "above such things" is missing out.
 My friend loved this book as a gift. beautiful pictures, and sturdy good quality.
 Book Five is finally here!  Book Four left us with many unanswered questions, and although "Order of the Phoenix" answers these, I still felt J.K. Rowling was either bored, or simply setting the stage for Book Six.<br/>But then I consulted with the foremost authority on the books - my wife.  She pointed out that we are seeing things through Harry's eyes.  We feel Harry's frustration at being kept in the dark.  We feel torn between our past love for Albus Dumbledore and our disappointment that things aren't the same.<br/>While reading, I couldn't help making two comparisons:<br/>1) This book is much like the first 2/3 of David Copperfield - it is kind of a long, drawn-out narrative that familiarizes you so much with the characters that you feel much more intimately involved.  Things don't always work out in the book as we want them to, or expect them to, but these only serve to feel Harry's frustration at a personal level.  If this was the intent, J.K. Rowling did this masterfully;<br/>2) There is kind of a Star Wars feel about this book, meaning the mystery surrounding Luke Skywalker's origin compared to Harry's scar.  You half expect Lord Voldemort to say, "Harry, I am your father.  Feel the burning in your scar and you will know I speak the truth..."<br/>Not the best book of the series so far, but we'll have to wait and see what Book Six holds to know if Book Five is as important as I suspect it is.<br/>You're going to read the book anyway, so just go ahead and buy it now and do it!
 Great illustrations and keeping young readers interested
 While nothing in life is guaranteed perfection, this still comes close. It's like visiting a dear friend and wanting to stay.
 My childhood favorite with illustrations has become my childs childhood favorite!  Really love this series and looking forward to the next books!
 it is just incredible to get into that amazing adventure, and the 5th book, with alla Bellatrix appeareances... My God, that was amazing
 Several things make the Harry Potter books good reads for adults as well as children: they are well written, exciting, thought-provoking, and at times, downright funny. The fifth book in the series is no exception; in fact, it may well be the most rewarding for adult readers yet.  Emotionally and relationally, it is more intense than the earlier titles.  Part of this may be because Harry himself is growing up -- among other things he learns that even dearly loved and trusted grownups  will make mistakes and do wrong things, and that relationships with people of the opposite gender can be confusing and difficult.  While growing up, he begins to see the people around him in a new light. Because of this, the readers get to see other sides of the characters and get to know them better, especially Remus Lupin and Sirius Black, possibly the two most intriguing people involved in Harry's life.  And, like all Harry Potter books, it gives a few good reminders about things that really matter: this time it reminds us that love is the most powerful weapon of all, and there are things worth dying for.
 My son loves this series! I’m just happy it keeps him off of his electronics for a while!
 The great illustrations, animated or not, made a really great book better. I have read the book several times before but this time is memorable and I won't forget the experience!
 Beautifully illustrated and easy for younger eyes to follow along. Not so bad for the old eyes either.
 Harry Potter is a favorite in our house, and these books are beautifully bound with amazing artwork.
 If you liked the first three books, you'll like this one. There's even more to enjoy here, 734 pages' worth! Old characters return: the Weasleys,  Albus Dumbledore, Hermione, Hagrid, the dreadful Dursleys, Draco Malfoy, et  al. And you'll meet new ones, such as Rita Skeeter, Mad-Eye Moody, Winky  the house-elf and Victor Krum. This is very good fantasy, the sort that  makes you see the magic in everyday life. I've noticed that more and more  grown-ups are reading this series, which is definitely not for children  only. While you're waiting for Harry Potter 5, you might enjoy reading  fantasies by two outstanding British authors, Diana Wynne Jones and Eva  Ibbotson (look for the latter's ghost books in U.K. editions).
 This book is amazing! I am a huge Harry Potter fan and rereading this illustrated story actually brought tears to my eyes. I forgot how much I love these characters and the world. It is wonderful to have these beautiful images to accompany the story! My nephew is just now old enough to really get into reading and he is all about Harry Potter and cannot wait to read this illustrated version. 10/10 would recommend!
 I bought this used and you couldn't tell it was used.  Delivery time perfect.  I needed this book to complete  my collection.
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, like it's preceding fellows in the series, has become a BIG hit. With the same great magic, mystery, and  suspence which J.K. Rowling has supplied to each book, combined with the  many thrills, chills and spills throughout it's 700+ pages, makes it  imposible to put down! You can enjoy plenty of Quittich at the Quittich  World Cup, experince new dangers in the Triwizard tournament right along  with Harry, meet a handfull of new characters, and of course, have yet  another life threatening encounter with You-know-who. I truly believe that  with "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" J.K. Rowling has once  again captured the hearts of all those young, and young at heart who still  remember how to wish and dream.
 Who doesn’t love the introduction of favorite characters this book brings. This book connects so well the the past books and the future books of the series,
 I was itching for the third Harry Potter book to come out in my local book shop. I had already read the first two, so I was full of anticipation for this one. Book number three was my favorite of the series. I thought that I had read the climax of the story about half way through the book so I was quite happy that the last half of the book would be so exciting!! There is a feeling of content that I get from reading the Harry Potter books. This series gives off a feeling of coziness, excitement, adventure, effection, and much much more. I have read each of the series so many times that i know every word of it practically. I would like to thank J.K Rowling for giving me the pleasure of reading such an awesome book! Or books should i say. I read quite alot and I have written some stories for fun of my own, but I must say that the Harry Potter books are the best of all of the stories that I have read. And i must say I have read alot too!! Harry Potter books are the best of the best!! I can never thank the author enough for the joy she has given to me and many many people all over the world!!!
 Such a beautifully illustrated book! This is the third book of the illustrated HP books I have bought for my niece, and she has loved each one of them, but was particularly impressed with the illustrations in this one. Excellent collection for any Harry Potter enthusiast!!
 I just turned the last page of this long awaited book. Such a sad night for Muggles everywhere. My worst fears about the death of one of my favorite characters are confirmed, and while I am sure there is a greater purpose, I am deeply saddened.<br/>On the other hand, I couldn't put the book down all day! What a wonderful adventure, with all the carefully laid clues of the previous books coming together to form such a perfectly weaved story. Dumbledore has answered most of my questions, although I do find there are a few still unresolved I would like to ask him myself.<br/>Thanks to Ms. Rowling for letting millions of children find out the joys of reading. And giving us adults (or almost so) a glimpse at childhood again.
 I am 19 years old.  When I first heard about the Harry Potter hype, I thought it was just another stupid kid's series, like the Goosebumps books  of a few years ago.  But when "Goblet of Fire" came out, and I  saw so many kids going crazy over it in the bookstores, I decided to find  out why the series was so popular.  Now I'm hooked.<br/>This book is the best  of the series so far.  Rowling gets more involved in character development  so the reader begins to really know Harry, Hermione, Ron, and everyone else  at Hogwarts.  I loved how Rowling took the story into a whole new level (I  won't spoil it for you!) and how emotional things got near the end.  I  don't know what else to say about this book - it's just incredible.<br/>One  of the best parts:  even though this is a children's book, Rowling doesn't  water things down.  I like that.
 Harry wakes one night with a searing pain in the scar on his forehead; his dream, about the supposedly abandoned Riddle Family's House, rattles him and he quickly writes a letter to Sirius. The next morning, the Weasleys write an embarrassing letter to Harry's Uncle Vernon asking permission to take Harry to the Quidditch World Cup and stay with them for the rest of summer. Uncle Vernon agrees and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire takes off and never slows down!<br/><br/>The next morning, the family, Harry, and Hermione leave for the World Cup via portkey: an old, discarded shoe. At the World Cup, Mr. Crouch shows up, makes a bet with the Weasley twins about which team is going to win, and then drops the hint that something amazing is going to happen this year at Hogwarts.  After giving this hint some thought, Harry, Ron, and Hermione go but souvenirs and start heading to their seats before the game starts, on their way up, they meet Mr. Crouch's house elf, Winky. Once the game ends and all the witches and wizards head back to the tent for the night, mayhem breaks loose and Death Eaters (Voldemort's followers) begin terrorizing Muggles. In the commotion, Harry drops his wand and, a short time later, someone shoots the Dark Mark into the sky.<br/><br/>Once Harry, Ron, and Hermione return to Hogwarts, Dumbledore announces that the Triwizard Tournament will be hosted a Hogwarts; the Goblet of Fire will choose three students who will participate in the dangerous competition. He then introduces the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor: Mad-Eye Moody. In October, representatives arrive from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang arrive to participate and watch the Triwizard Tournament. On Halloween, the Goblet releases the three chosen students from the three schools: Cedric Diggory, Fleur Delacour, and Viktor Krum. The goblet then spits out a fourth name: Harry Potter.  As Harry works his way through the tournament, he must face deadly monsters as well as endure endless amounts of insults from the entire school.<br/><br/>This action-packed book ranks my second favorite in the entire series. J.K. Rowling never writes a dull moment and continues to baffle readers as they try and discover just who Mad-Eye Moody really is, what happened to Peter Pettigrew and where is Voldemort now? Don't let the size of this book scare you because you'll fly through the pages at record speed just to find out what's going to happen next!
 Wife needed her first edition collection completed as her original had gotten ruined.  Perfect shape and exactly as advertised, if not better.
 Best. Book. Ever. My 7 year olds words but my sentiments exactly. Now on to the promised movie. The moving pics are cute.
 One of my favorites. It is the the transition to the darker ones. Nothing more to be said after all.
 I love the story, but sadly some of the disks are flawed and it affects the flow of the story.
 We bought these on a great deal as a xmas gift for my child.  He will love it.
 Very enjoyable book.  Somehow had never read any of the series.  Wonderful imagination, good characters, loved the owls.
 Always have loved the story. This is a great way to introduce younger kids to HP. The illustrations are amazing.
 Beautiful. What an awesome addition to our teenager’s Harry Potter collection. She loves it and displays it proudly on her shelf.
 Ordered as a Christmas gift. The first one came and was not cut right during the manufacturing process and half the book couldn't be opened. Returned it and got another one and have been very satisfied with it.
 I love this book  series and own all 8 films it was a little different from the film not too bad!
 I love the Harry Potter books.  I have read through the series quite a few times.  So I decided to get the books.  This book was in great shape.  However, on the back,  there was not a background picture,  just a blank color.  Not a big deal,  just kinda disappointing
 Love it.  I don't have a chance to read much about the children books.  However, I found this book is highly imaginative.  Eventhough, some parts are violence concerning this is a book for 9-12 years old kids.  But look  to the bright side, this book contained every children dream.  Imagine  this! the lonely boy who never seen his parent, never know who he is, live  with the relative who hate him for the reason that he never know for 10  suffering years.  Then one day, he found out that he is a wizard and a  famous one too.  Lot of fantasy, I must said.  But who would not love  fantasy story.  If you are an adult, please...please read it with a child  heart because this book is for everyone who still young at heart.
 Illustrations beyond wonderful! Kindle in Motion is fabulous; not to be missed in an amazing children's book like this! Harry Potter &amp; the Sorcerer's Stone on Kindle in Motion 2017.
 Beautiful book I bought it for charity and a child loves it
 Beautiful version, excited to be reliving it all over again in such a specia way with my kiddos.
 Got through my copy in one day.  Our darling little boy Harry is gone and in his place is moody teen Harry.  How perfectly J.K. Rowling captures those teen years!!!  Her books are such a great read even with all the slang from England.  There is no use giving away the plot since it will be practically be everywhere soon but rest assured this is not as gloomy as the last one. I was disappointed in the abundance of blood and macabre in Book 4.  We can hope Harry outgrows the angst soon.<br/>Delightful twists on who is related to whom in this one.  The humor with the Weasley twins trying all sorts of questionable magic for their joke shop is a blessed relief from the bickering teens.  Still.... a wonderful world to visit.  Thanks Jo for the terrific trip.
 This is actually a replacement for the first one we owned that my daughter has read so often the pages were falling out. Not poorly constructed--deeply loved.
 A great illustrated edition of the book that launched a new generation of readers — the Harry Potter Generation. Thank you J. K Rowling.
 This was the first of the Harry Potter books I have ever read.  I am deployed over seas, saw it in the library, liked the movies and knew this one was coming out to the theaters soon so I read it.  Great book.  I was sorry to see the movie did it little justice and left so much out.  Mrs Rowling really does a great job transporting us into her imagination and the story and this was a fantastic read.  I certainly recommend it to any potter fans.  If you have never seen the movies before or read the books preceeding this one, then I would start at the beginning.  It is a good place to start.  Since reading this I have burned through Half Blood Prince and am about to finish the Deathly Hallows.  I have not been this addicted to a series since the Dragonlance Chronicles and Blood of Kerensky Trilogy and highly recommend it to anybody who enjoys fantasy, fiction, and certainly the Potter saga.
 Jim Dale does a great job as the narrator. It is very easy to listen to in the car on your way to work. It arrived in it's original packaging.
 This book is definitely the best one out of all of the other books this series. I am very impressed at how J.K. Rowling can create such an action-packed book while keeping the reader interested at all times. Easily a 5 star review for me.
 Bought this for my bf because he loves harry potter. He loves it. Listens to it on the way to work
 I absolutely adore this version of the HP series. I'm collecting them all and look forward to reading these with my children someday.
 The corner is a bit wrinkled when delivered but the book itself is very good. Keep adding them to my collections
 After hearing nothing but "Harry Potter" from my nine-year-old grandson,I decided to read the first book in the series so I would be reasonably informed as to the definition of "Muggles" and "Mudbloods".Thus being able to hold a somewhat intelligent "Harry Potter" related conversation with him.  I must say that I was pleasantly surprised that a book so designed for children could be equally entertaining to adults. Ms.Rowling weaves an imaginative tale that virtually comes to life in your mind's eye.  Her writing style is smooth and easy to read and the pages seem to turn themselves.  Upon reading the series I found many new frontiers to explore with my grandson and found him to be a pleasure in book review discussions.  The Harry Potter series is highly recommended and I implore you to turn your imagination loose and see where it takes you!
 Best choice of gift i’d ever made! Very nice book, perfect for 8 year old.
 I purchased the first two illustrated editions and loved them. I was disappointment that my book was damaged in shipping as it had a very large noticeable tear in the corner of the cover and the binding of the book felt a little off. It was like the bound too many pages together with too small a thread?  It makes the book not able to sit flat due to the curve in the pages (see photos). Regardless I asked for anexchange and amazon was kind enough to ship me another one free of charge and paid my shipping to send the damaged one back. A couple days later I received the new one with no damage to the cover (no protection on the book for shipping however). To my displeasure I am still noticing that weird binding situation I had with the previous book. Besides those two fact however the book is quite amazing and the pictures from what I’ve seen so far are incredible.
 The book is in very good condition even though it's so post to be used! I'm very happy with my purchase.
 The education of young wizard-in-training Harry Potter continues in the _Prisoner of Azkaban_.  This time Harry is in danger from Sirius Black, recently escaped from the wizard's prison at Azkaban.  The story unfolds in beginning with the 3rd year of Harry's schooling, with more vivid characters and yet another mystery in a world where nothing is as it seems.  (This holds true for the story in its entirety as well.)  Once again Rowling has made kids of us all as you are drawn into her magical world.  Of particular interest to me was learning more of about the principal characters, especially Harry.  My favorite of the three.  Highly recommended for all ages.
 When I read Harry Potter I find myself captured by the way the carectures are so real.<br/>In Harry Potter 4 Harry, I think, has the biggest adventure yet. When he goes to Hogwarts he finds out that the Tri Wizard Tournament is coming up. Everyone trys to enter, but you have to be 17. Somehow, (I won't tell you how) Harry's name get's in the cup! When the wizards pull his name out everyone is shocked. Even Ron who is Harry's best friend, turns on him. Ron thinks Harry is cheating him! Only Hermionie, Dumbledoor, and Hagrad, along with some others, believe that Harry didn't cheat.<br/>Meenwhile Victor Crumb, the all star Quiditch player, has a mager crush on Hermionie. Ron gets jelouse because he likes Hermionie.<br/>This book is so good! The tasks that Harry has to do and the things he does are incredable!<br/>This book is scary, though, in some parts and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone under 8.
 It’s such a beautiful book and a must have for any HP fan!
 Like its predecessor, Goblet, Phoenix should have been cut down a bit. There is far too much of the Order sneaking around and Harry and the crew trying to figure out what is happening.Rowling does a great job showing Harry as a less than happy teen (Considering what he's been through, it's amazing he's as well adjusted as he is) and the rest of the crew mill about smartly but it is just too much standing around and waiting for things to happen, page after page.The snappy finale almost makes up for it and that's all I'll say about that.Potter continues to be one of the great creations of fantasy, but like Steven King, J.K. Rowling could use a bit of the philosophy "Less is More."
 Using to make a book safe for my daughter. The quality is great so I'm quite pleased with this purchase.
 I just finished this book and now will have to wait impatiently for the 6th book. Anyways, Rowling did throw some nice curve balls in the book, but was well worth the wait. The one thing that has puzzled me after reading it is why wasn't Harry asked to join the "Order of the Phoenix" yet. I know he is supposed to be to young and all, yet he does so much. And the other thing that is curiously unanswered was that the anger he was displaying from the connection between him and Voldermont or just teenage puberty? hehehe...Anyways, it does read pretty fast for 870 pages and I can't wait to see it in the movies and maybe catch some other things I missed. Good luck with reading it and have a nice day!<br/>MD
 I loved the entire book. I have the hardback copies of each book. I wanted them in my kindle because it’s easier to take traveling
 These books are beautifully put together.  Includes an additional poster with information about werewolves, which was brilliantly done.  If you have a true Harry Potter fan in your family this is a must have.
 Love the entire series
 El libro es entretenido e interesante.  Mi hijo dijo que es un poco largo pero vale la pena leerlo.
 Part of series, ordered to use with Audible
 great gift idea for that harry potter lover or one that has young children
 If you skipped the books and just watched the movies, like I did, then you're missing out on so much.
 Upon receiving Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, J.K. Rowling's latest brilliant creation, I plunged right into it and could scarcely put it down until the end.  Now that it's over, I can't help but feel a twinge of sadness upon leaving Rowling's beautifully constructed magical world.<br/>Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is evidence of the continued evolution of Rowling's imagination.  Harry's world is painted as vividly as it has been before, and Rowling reveals more details of Harry's past that fit together like pieces of an intricate puzzle.  Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix is a great deal darker than its four predecessors.  Harry is angrier in book 5, and much of the story deals with his realization that the heroes that he has idealized in the past are, in fact, as human and fallible as he is.  Harry has grown into an adolescent, and Rowling shows an incredible ability to write accordingly.<br/>It is very difficult to compare this book with any of the previous Harry Potter books, as Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix relies on its predecessors much more than the others have done.  Taken as an individual work, this book is wonderful, but the Harry Potter series is richest when seen as a cohesive whole.  Rowling's latest creation is another incredibly imaginative, fun, and thoughtful part of the Harry Potter series.  My only regret is that I finished it so quickly and am now forced to wait for book six.
 I love it ! I’m a big HP fan so any type of HP merchandise I tend to get my hands on lol
 The larger print a larger size makes it so much easier to read the artistry is wonderful and goes very well with the story
 If you are a fan of HP or have someone who is a fan, this makes for a great HP gift to someone.
 This series just continues to get better. Looking forward to the next book. I wish tjat the reviews didn't have a requirement of a certain number of words.
 Book showed up in good condition, couldn’t order this from the Bloomsbury site, so I’m very excited I was able to get my hands on it! It’s basically just a new cover with a little supplementary house info, but still a fun addiction to my Harry Potter collection. Only owning the American copies, it’s fun to read them unchanged.
 I love the material and background information included. However, the cover jacket came a little torn around the edges. The book was nicely wrapped in plastic wrapping, which kept the book from getting scratched. I would recommend collecting this series.  The book is slightly lighter and smaller than I exoected for a hardback book.
 Now my little cousin can experience the wizarding world of Harry Potter: in Spanish! Nice, legible font. Classic book smell, but not overpowering. Cool cover artwork. Thanks.
 I have enjoyed this edition of Sorcerer's Stone so much! My son loves to look at the pictures while I read to him. You will not be disappointed diving back in from the beginning, and I like the price I paid through Amazon much more than buying in store. Can't wait to buy the rest!
 My four year old grandson requested it and is fascinated with the story. The pictures are intriguing.
 Read it!  You will not be disappointed.  Classic.  I can’t wait to read the next one. The Half Blood Prince
 I must have bought this drunk as I have never read a harry potters novel but this is a pretty cool book after opening it.
 Excellent buy! Our whole family loves this book! We will be buying more!
 So far so good. Purchased for an English Language Learner in mai stream classroom.
 I'm not going to say that this fourth Harry Potter book is the best thing I've ever read because it's not.  But J. K. Rowling is in my list of top ten authors, along with C. S. Lewis, J. R. R. Tolkein, Orson Scott Card, Terry Pratchett (why is only one of those authors American?)  and others. I am a great fan of J. K. Rowling though.  She has excellent command over her word choice.  I love to read, I get told "put that book down" probably mor than most kids get told "turn that TV off."  I read Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire in one day (hey it was summer and school was out...)I didn't mind the book being long, even if it did seem to drag at some points it turns out later that some key elements pop up in seemingly irrelevant scenes.  I love the way that Rowling gives you absolutely no clue as to who the "bad guy" is.  There are not many authors who would do that.  I'd just like to say a few more things. First: Rowling never said the books were for children; she wouldn't even let her own daughter read it alone. Second: To any parents who say that the book is too dark, take a look at what your child watches on TV  and then re-think judging this book. Third: To those who say that the ending could have been better.  Yes, of course it could have!  But Rowling is not trying to have this story all wraped up nice and neat, the story continues, she is leaving openings for more things later.  (That's kind of like the same thing as the people who were disappointed in Anakin Skywalker not going to the dark side in Phantom Menace, well duh! its got 2 more movies) Last: Rowling is not writing to please anyone but herself with these stories.  This is her story, she doesn't have to write anymore, she could stop writing now and live comfortably for the rest of her life.  My only problem is with Scholastic, there are discrepancies between the British and American versions that have nothing to do with language differences. All in all, I really enjoyed this book.  But I also recommend The Lord of the Rings to anyone who says the Harry Potter books are the best thing ever.
 I loved the new harry potter book.Yet another masterpiece by J.K. Rowling.It was just as exciting and imaginative as the other three.I enjoyed every moment. I really missed not having quidditch matches. They  added a lot of excitment and adrenaline. But, the other new addition the  triwizard cup was cool. in this three (4 in this case because harry  potter's name is put in my the bad guy hopimg he'd die)wizards from three  different wizarding schools compete for 1,000 galleons(dollars in  muggle)and school pride.  Warning for younger readers and parents: This  book is much more intense than the first three. Its a little bit creepier,  a little bit gorier, and a hogwarts student dies. (ending warning) My one  complaint in that was most of the book was explaing and less action, unlike  the other three harry potter books. Hey, that is my only complaint. In  conclusion: I loved this one. But, it wasn't as good as the third one which  is my favorite.
 I loved this book, but when I read of the Sorcerer's Stone I had a nagging feeling about it at the back of my mind, until it struck me that all the  descriptions of it matched what I had always known as a Philosopher's  Stone. I first learned of the Philosopher's Stone when I was 10 years old  and read a book called "Gone-Away Lake" by Elizabeth Enright, and  then of course read more of it when studying European history.<br/>As the  Encyclopedia Brittanica puts it: "in alchemy, substance thought to be  capable of changing base metals into gold. The same term, more fully elixir  vitae, "elixir of life," was given to the substance that would  indefinitely prolong life--a liquid that was believed to be allied with the  philosopher's stone."<br/>I was quite confused, but then I discovered  that it England the book *was* originally called "Harry Potter and the  Philosopher's Stone". This title makes so much more sense. What the  heck is a sorcerer's stone? Nothing. Why the change? Does Scholastic Books  just think American's are dumb, ignorant fools? I can't think of any other  reason for the change.<br/>I do know that from now on I will buy my copies  of the books from the British publisher, rather than the "dumbed  down" American versions put out by Scholastic.
 When my son fold back the page a little it rip to be sure to use a book Mark
 It’s Harry Potter so you know the drill
 I wanted to try some Harry Potter, but it's not to my taste.  Very well written, however.
 If you haven't been reading the series, I strongly suggest that you start with book 1 and work your way up to this one.  Go do that now, before you read any spoilers.<br/><br/>This isn't my favorite book in the series but it really moves the story along pretty effectively.  There is an auror at Hogwarts, teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts.  There is an international wizard competition taking place at the school, too.  Wizards from two respectable schools have come to Hogwarts to challenge the Hogwarts champion in the Triwizard Tournament.  The winner gets fame, fortune, and everything that goes with it.  The losers get to go home... alive and intact if they are very lucky.  There is an age limit set, no student under 17 can enter.  The cup chooses one champion from each school.  But the enchanted cup chooses Harry as an unprecedented (and underage) second champion for Hogwarts, along with Cedric Diggory.  Well, rules are rules and these rules are magical so Harry must compete despite many complaints and his own insistence that he wants nothing to do with the tournament.  Harry has to train for the tournament, then complete a series of very difficult tasks, if he wants to win... but I won't spoil the fun for you.  Let's just say that the villains finally get on the scoreboard before this book is over, and there is a moment here that really defines Harry's life from here on, in more ways than one.
 After hearing so many recommendations on a Georgette Heyer listserv I belong to, I tried out HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE. I was quickly drawn into Harry's world, and I just had to read the others in the  series.<br/>J. K. Rowling has created a very detailed world that people of  all ages will find enchanting. Harry quickly earns our sympathy when we  meet his horrible family, the Dursleys. We share Harry's joy when he  escapes their clutches to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and  Wizardry, where he is appreciated for the first time he can remember.  Hurrah for Harry Potter and J. K. Rowling!
 Beautiful illustrations.  My kid loves to read this book.  It’s a little bit heavy but very nice.
 J.K. Rowling has done it once again.  This book is well worth the wait and very much up to the pre-release hype!<br/>The book begins much differently that those in the past--it is very obvious that Lord Voldemort has  returned!  The chapter leaves us wondering just what could possibly happen  next, and then we are sent right back to the previous books with another  glimpse of life within the confines of Privet Drive.  However, we are  quickly submerged in the wonderful lives of the lovable Weasley family and  entralled with the latest inventions of Fred and George.  Harry comes face  to face with Charlie and the very COOL Bill Weasley and the suspense begins  at the Quiddich World Cup!  We even see Harry and Ron's friendship tested  and we are left with a very positive feeling that Ron has serious feelings  regarding Hermione!  Harry has a huge crush on, you guessed it, Cho Chang,  and we find that Snape may not be as evil as we always believed!  We also  learn that Lucius Malfoy is exactly as we have always believed him to be!  Harry is in contact with his Godfather, Sirius Black, and we find out why  Harry must endure the Dursleys every summer rather than spending them with  those that love him.  We also find out why Lord Voldemort's curse did not  work on Harry!  There is one great sadness, a character, does in fact  die! Even so, I advise all to begin this book and never put it down until  the last page is finished!  I know that's what I did!  Enjoy!
 This is like the fourth time I read Harry Potter 1 and I always find something new, please encourage kids to read, they can learn about friendship, corurage, love.
 This book is all kinds of long. And I loved re-reading every moment of it. It took me a few days to finish it, as it is really long, and I didn't have that much time. Hmph. But tonight I finished it. And I'm so thrilled that I re-read this precious book. Sigh. So much love for it. Series is getting better and better.<br/><br/>I remember watching the Goblet of Fire movie a whole lot. Because I adored Harry's hair in it. And I loved Cedric so extremely much. I always cried at the end of the maze, sigh. Been years since I last saw it. Hmph. But yeah. I love this movie a whole lot. And I realized how much I love the book too.<br/><br/>This one is even more heartbreaking than the first three, which is just all kinds of mean. Since it is going to get even more heartbreaking. My heart won't be able to take it. Yet I cannot wait at the same time. So excited to re-read the last three books in this gorgeous series. So much love for these books. I love the writing more and more for each book. I fall even more in love with the characters too. And the story is just stunning. I adore magic. I love Hogwarts. I love the classes they take. All the food they get to eat. The different spells they are casting. How they dress. All the creepy creatures. This time, awesome dragons. Which I love oh so much. There is just a lot I loved about this book. I must mention some of it in my review :)<br/><br/>This book is so long, though. And felt like it took me forever to read. Yet when I finished it, I wished it had been even longer. Which is the best feeling. So much happens in this one. I can't begin to mention all of it. But oh, how I loved reading every moment. Harry is now fourteen years old. I loved the moment in the beginning of the book when the Weasleys are coming to pick him up at the Dursleys. It was so much fun. And pretty awful too; I adored reading it. The Dursleys are still pretty awful, just so you know.<br/><br/>Harry Potter is just the most amazing boy. And I adore getting to read more about him. Though with the writing style of this book, I also feel like I don't get to fully know him, which makes me a bit sad. Yet I still know him pretty well, so I'm not too sad about it. Because Harry is awesome. And he just gets more and more awesome. I did not mention Sirius in my last review. But yeah. He is a favorite character of mine. We see a bit more about him in this book. And I loved that a whole lot. He is just incredible :)<br/><br/>I still love Harry's best friends so much. Hermione is amazing. So kind and clever and just perfect. I wish more people in these books would love her, hmph. And Ron. Sigh. I do adore him. Though he is a bit silly sometimes, and I'm not happy with him not believing Harry. It hurt my heart. And I wish he had truly apologized for it. Yet I also understood why he felt the way he did. But even so. It hurt my heart. But anyway. I adore the friendship between these three amazing kids. It just gets stronger all the time.<br/><br/>Exciting things are happening at Hogwarts this year. There is a tournament. And it is the most fun and horrifying to read about. Loved every moment of it. The trials are awesome. And awful. And so much fun too. The ball was stunning. Sort of. I love the new characters a lot too. Moody is another favorite of mine, though he wasn't even real in this one. And that bothered me a bit, hmph. I loved the fake one. How rude. But yeah, bunch of amazing new characters in this book. And old ones too. I enjoyed them all.<br/><br/>I can't say more about this book. Okay, I could probably talk about it a whole lot more, but I'm not going to. Just know that I adored re-reading Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. It is a spectacular book. And I'm so happy I decided to re-read this series. You must all read this book. Harry Potter is amazing. And it gets better for every book. So much happens in this one. More about Voldemort. Shudders. I cannot wait to re-read the next three. And watch the movies again. It will be the best thing, I suppose. I'm excited.
 The fifth book is every bit as captivating as the others.  Once again we're drawn in to the magical world to experience Harry's fifth year at Hogwarts.  After witnessing Voldemort's return to power at the completion of the Triwizard Tournament, Harry returns to the Dudley's house on Privet Drive.  He's frustrated by the lack of information given to him from his friends in the wizarding world and spends much of his time alone.  When he does return to Hogwarts, he has to deal with not only the disbelief of the Ministry of Magic (that Voldemort has risen again) but that of his peers as well.  Harry finds himself struggling with his anger about being kept in the dark about the Order of Phoenix and about the how terribly the year appears to be progressing at Hogwarts.  As the plot thickens the chapters near the end start to get very fast paced and you're hanging off the edge of your seat until it's finally over and you regret that this installment has come to an end.  It was disappointing that Harry didn't find Sirus' mirror until it was to late, but I loved the book and I can't wait for the next.
 I keep expecting the quality of her work to fall off -- faced with the overwhelming pressure of millions of fans, deadlines, and a new family, but she doesn't disappoint!<br/>I read the book in one sitting (fast reader, here) and was delighted, enchanted and left wanting more.  I'd like to pretend that I got the book for some younger relative, but the truth is I'm supposed to be an adult, and I still loved it.<br/>Rowlings makes her characters believable by allowing them to grow up and face the angst of being a tweenager-- not quite child, not quite adult, that we all face -- but making it that "magical" time truly magical.  I will be eagerly awaiting #6 -- and hope it doesn't take another 3 years!
 The Order of the Phoenix is number five in the Harry Potter series. J K Rowling is amazing in that her stories seem to tell themselves, they are just waiting for your eyes and imagination to follow. The Order of the Phoenix is sure to make you forget your troubles as you fall into the magical world of Harry Potter.<br/><br/>If you think you have troubles, you should read this book. Harry is experiencing angst all through this story, it is not easy being a teenager, let alone a teenager who is also a brilliant wizard. I enjoy reading about all Harry's obstacles and his struggle to win out yet again. Courage generosity and a never give up attitude make him sparkle and shine. Harry Potter stories always seem vividly fresh. The storytelling details make them breathe with reality in a fantasy world.
 While I am fully aware that this book is truly intended for a much younger audience; as an older reader (early twenties), I am disappointed in this latest edition of the Harry Potter series. Too little plot was stretched out into an enormously long book and lacked the exciting twist and turns in plot of the previous four books. My advice to anyone buying the book (hopefully used since new is still too expensive), don't expect too much from this book because of the hype.<br/>Certain characters were back and good as ever, other new characters were interesting to follow. Harry experiences the pains of teenhood in a rather angsty, uninteresting and foul manner. There is a lot of filler story in this book and could have easliy been consensed into half its size.<br/>However, this is an important book in the series because many essential plot developments for the continuation of the series are presented. In short, buy it if you have already read the series and like it enough to sick it out through the rest of the two remaining books. Take it for what it's worth, a young adult novel and not some childrens masterpiece from which it falls short of.
 Very good condition. No wrinkled or torn cover or pages.
 Wonderful “read” for my 3rd grade.... love the illustrations!
 I chose this rating because the story was great and very intresting. It may a lot of things I liked for example:Magic, competition,adventure, and finally friendship. The only thing I didn't like was the beginning of wasn't very exciting until Harry got his second letter from Hogwarts (The first one he got was when he was a baby) Try to make all of it exciting.👍⚡🔥🌟
 Incredibly beautiful illustrated books.  Perfect gift or "re-gift" for the new HP fan, or an established Potterhead!
 Excellent. Beyond excellent. I put off reading Harry Potter books for years. Then I watched the films and I was captivated. I just finished this book last evening, and I must say that the book is even better than the movie! That's saying something! I am looking forward to reading the rest of the series. I can't recommend this book enough!
 My favorite book out of the series. Amazing illustrations.
 Unless you have lived under a rock for the past five years, you know who Harry Potter is.  You know that he is a young wizard who attends a magic school called Hogwarts.  You also know that Harry wears black horned rimmed glasses and has a lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead.  In the five years since it was published, the book has become a phenomenon as wide spread as Star Wars or Star Trek.  But with any series that is popular, there is a chance that the book is mediocre and is popular due to a huge advertising campaign.  However, after having read it, I have concluded that the series is popular for one very good reason: it is good.<br/>Harry Potter is able to live the dreams of people everywhere.  He is able to escape the dullness and the pain of the real world and journey to a world where witches, wizards, dragons, and magic exist.  Who hasn't wished that he or she could use magic or fly?  Reading about magic and dragons causes the reader to have a sense of wonder that never disappears throughout the book.<br/>The characters are good as well.  Harry is a believeable character, as are his friends Ron and Hermonie.  They are likeable people and you actually root for them.  The descriptions of magic are good as well and never lose the sense of wonder.<br/>All in all, this is a very good book and I definitely recommend you read it.
 I was honestly surprised by this first book of Harry Potter, I honestly didn't think I would read it, but I'm glad I did!
 Great condition. Can’t wait to read this to my kids.
 I loved the first two Harry Potter books and decided to get the audio tape for the third book.  It is wonderful.  The reader (who is a male with british accent) does a great job telling the story and changes his voice while speaking different charachter parts (Harry, Herimone, Professor McGonagul, etc.)<br/>Time will fly while you are in the car when listening.  I have gotten so caught up in the story line that I have actually sat in my driveway in my car for more than a 1/2 hour after arriving because I couldn't "pull" myself away from the story.  I actually look forward to driving when such a great story is being told.<br/>There are (7) 1 and 1/2 hour tapes in this set.  Very worth it!  I was going to read the 4th book but I decided that since this has been so much fun listening to, and makes time fly by in my car, that I am going to listen to #4 this way also.<br/>I recommend...especially for people that are in the car a lot or traveling and can take along a headset.  You will get addicted!!!
 Reading this for the second time was no less exciting/interesting.
 Powerful, well-told, fascinating. I could go on and on about the many positives of this book, but it would just get repetitive. So I'll just toss out three questions that I have about things that the nit-picker in me sees as possible plot-holes:<br/><br/>1) Does anybody who's been following this series (and who hasn't?) really believe that Hermione wouldn't be able to find a spell as apparently obvious as the bubble-head charm (one which apparently Cedric Diggory was able to find on his own) given weeks to research it? I can just BARELY believe that she didn't know of it off the top of her head. I CANNOT accept that she couldn't find it given plenty of time for research.<br/><br/>2) Given that Sirius is sufficiently worried about somebody intercepting the owls used to send mail to him that he wants different owls used each time, AND that he cautions Harry, Ron &amp; Hermione not to use his real name but to refer to him as "Snuffles" when talking about him among themselves at school, WHY DOES HE SIGN HIS REAL NAME TO THE LETTERS HE SENDS HARRY?<br/><br/>3) While we're on the subject of owls: if, as is apparently the case, owls are magically able to find whoever their message is addressed to, no matter how well hidden or disguised the person is (even using different owls every time, some of them school owls with no apparent special talents or knowledge of Sirius, Harry's messages always reached Sirius eventually) why, when Sirius escaped from Azkaban and was being hunted near and far as a dangerous escaped criminal, didn't the ministry simply write him a letter and then track the owl? Why doesn't Dumbledore simply write a letter to Voldemort and track the owl? Or, if Voldemort is considered too dangerous, Wormtail?<br/><br/>Minor quibbles, all, but I must confess to being curious if there's an explanation for any of them.
 First of all ... if you've never read any of the other Harry Potter books, go back and start reading from the beginning.  This book depends upon the reader being at least moderately familiar with Harry Potter and Hogwarts.<br/>"Goblet of Fire" is a larger book than the first three...for a  good reason.  This book substantially develops ongoing plot threads from  prior books and creates new twists and turns to delight, puzzle, and amaze  the reader.<br/>Harry Potter arrives at Hogwarts expecting a  "typical" fourth-year school experience.  Even before he reaches  school, he finds that his fourth year at Hogwarts is to be anything but  typical.  Harry is mistakenly thrust into an inter-school competition  between Hogwarts and its French and German counterparts (Beauxbatons and  Durmstrang).  What starts out as a seemingly innocent contest soon takes on  a more sinister tone, leading to a shattering climax that soon proves to be  the beginning of yet another saga in Harry Potter's life.<br/>This volume  really starts to "flesh out" the Harry Potter Universe's history.  We learn more about Sirius Black, Headmaster Dumbledore, Hagrid, and Lord  Voldemort.  Romance touches Harry's life, although this is only one aspect  of an incredibly complex novel.  Several new characters are introduced, and  I look forward to seeing how they develop in future installments.<br/>Without  giving away any of the plot secrets, it's safe to say that this, the fourth  (and middle) book of the seven-book series, sets up the reader for an  incredible series of events to be revealed in remaining volumes.  The most  difficult thing about this book (other than my hands getting tired - it's  HEAVY) was trying to put it down.<br/>One minor note of caution to parents  and teachers: this is the most serious book in the series so far.  The  story's tone is much darker and scarier than I had expected. This isn't a  reason to avoid the book ... just be aware that parts may not be suitable  for late-night reading to very young children.  I would have no problem  reading any part of this book to young children during daylight hours,  however.<br/>This book will require multiple readings and re-readings to  fully appreciate the depth of the characters and universe that J. K.  Rowling has created.  I predict that kids (and adults) will re-read this  book more than the first three volumes put together.<br/>I am amazed and  thrilled at the latest Harry Potter adventure, and am only upset that it's  going to take another year (or more?) before the next volume is released!
 This was just as good as any of the Harry Potter series. I got it on Saturday, when it was released, and didn't put it down until i finished it.  It took me less than 2 days to read all 700+ pages. It is just as  captivating and as magical as the first three novels. I can't wait for the  next one!  It is a little sad and a little scary, but it is great! If  you have not read the Harry Potter series, I sugest you start, but start  with the first one. Reading them out of order would be confusing. I don't  care how old you are, I am nearly 17, and love them, and both of my  parents, 47 and 48, love them as well. They are NOT just children's books!
 JK Rowling is absolutely the best! And the audiobook takes this series another one step higher.
 very nicely done this book daughter very happy
 I got this book on Saturday, after 6:00PM via FedEx.  I finally put it down and went to bed at about 2:30 in the morning.  It was an absolutely enthralling read.<br/>This book is much darker and scarier in content than  the previous books, and has a much more "adult" feel. One feels  by the end of the book that the gloves are off as regards Magic/Muggle  relations, and the past/future supporters of Voldemort (I won't say more,  as I don't want to spoil it for anyone) - in other words, the risks are  increasing, and there is much more at stake for the protagonists than  losing the House Cup to Slytherin.<br/>The book is also extremely funny in  places, and pokes a bit of sly fun at the English tabloid press (of which,  unfortunately for her, Ms. Rowling is all too familiar), international  relations, and the various pitfalls of dating and romance, among other  things.<br/>As mentioned, there is also a romantic subplot featuring various  characters that is charming, and wholly in keeping with the ways boys and  girls (wizards or no) gradually discover an interest in the opposite sex as  they advance into their teens.<br/>The same themes of the importance of  friendship, sticking up for one's principles, defending the weak or  "different", and treating others as one would like to be treated  are continued in this installment. As usual, the message of tolerance and  love is well-expressed without being preachy.<br/>I am afraid there may be  some little outcry against Ms. Rowling due to some extremely minor swearing  and some slightly off-color jokes.  Since I don't have kids, this didn't  bother me at all (I don't think it would bother me even if I did), but I am  sure a few of the more reactionary parental units out there will be  freaking out over the Damage to America's Youth.  God knows they should be  more worried about the WWF.<br/>In any case, most enjoyable, and I can hardly  wait for the next book.  I hope we don't have long to wait!
 Harry Potter is the biggest hit the book industry has seen since the Goose Bumps series. I love the books, and they are great for their wit, action, ingenuity, creativity, not to the mention obvious thorough research Rowling did for the novel. There are a few words of caution about this book. It is MUCH darker than the other three books. Rowling did say that this would be the turning point in the series, but this is a bigger turn than I expected.<br/>  This book uncovers hidden sides of the characters through darker circumstances.  The characters are given harder challenges as they get older.  Harry especially grows not only phisically, but we also see him grow in confidence and maturity. Harry even has a little romance in his life.<br/>  This book is most certainly not the one to read at home alone.  It can get very scary at times.  I wouldn't advise anyone under the age of 8 to read them; mainly because of the maturity of the books, but also because of the darker and scarier side of them.<br/>  I love the books. I have grown as they have come out. I enjoy them for their maturing content.  I think that because Rowling takes her time with the books, she can incorpartae older themes, which is great for the faithful fan
 Great picture! My 5 year old really loves this book thanks to the illustrations.
 Bought used, great condition and wonderful artwork! A must have for Harry Potter fans
 The product was in decent condition. A little yellowing of the pages, but all in all, readable and good for price.
 Stunning images, highly recommend for any Harry Potter fan. Book arrived in great condition.
 HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE is an odd mixture of excellence and wordiness. It does not disappoint in the action packed sequences of the Quidditch World Cup and its aftermath, the three tasks of the Tri-Wizard  tournament, and Harry's inevitable meeting with Lord Voldemort. However, it  is also packed with such lengthy explanations, that I thought I had  mistakenly picked up HOGWARTS, A HISTORY. This technique of Rowling,  designed to give the reader as much background information as needed,  became noticable at the end of the third book, as Sirius Black and Remus  Lupin explained their relationship with James Potter and Peter Pettigrew.  These portions of the book do not work nearly as well as when Rowling shows  us what happened.<br/>Lord Voldemort, the depth of whose evil and reach was  only hinted on in previous volumes, is established, though not seen, in the  first chapter, and the flashbacks and results of his reign of terror which  are revealed throughout the book, make him one of the most terrifying  characters in children's literature that I've met. I feel cold when reading  about him and his followers.<br/>Our favorite familiar characters, Harry,  Ron, Hermoine, the Weasleys and their friends and teachers are all becoming  more real with each book. Their development is natural, much like getting  familiar with them as with people in our lives. Newly introduced  characters, however, are a little harder to deal with. So many were  introduced in this book, and my perception of each of them was jerked  around so much that I began to feel as paranoid as Mad-Eye Moody, who had  good reason to feel paranoid.<br/>Harry and Hermoine are especially well  developed in this book. Harry grows through his trials in the Tri-Wizard  Tournament, recognizing his limitations and character faults, which paves  the way to conquering them. Hermoine's transformation into the beautiful  swan was satisfying, and it's nice seeing her change from a brainy  know-it-all into a complete person, but her development of a "social  conscience" got a little tiring after a while, and I'm not sure what  parallels, if any, she intends for children to draw from it.<br/>Characters  that would be welcomed back in future volumes include Mad-Eye Moody, Victor  Crum and Remus Lupin (from Book 3). I'm also very interested in the future  of the Weasley Twins, because, as Harry says, in the days ahead, a good  laugh will be what everyone needs.<br/>We read and listened to this as a  family, having been eagerly awaiting its release. The concensus from our  boys (ages 8 and 11) is that while it starts a bit slowly, once it took  off, it held their interest. They loved it.<br/>One word about the audio  tape. Jim Dale is good, sometimes too good. One of the flashbacks is  particularly unsettling, and once Harry meets Lord Voldemort, it is  impossible to find a stopping point before the conclusion of the book. If  your children are younger or sensitive to violence and evil, preview the  book and tape.<br/>Lynne Hobbs, Parent and School Librarian
 Never lost my interest, very well written, and would highly recommend. Will be reading the rest of the series soon.
 This book is amazingly gorgeous. A great addition to any collection. A must-have for HP fans!
 Full of Dark overtones, I was highly satisfied with all 870 pages of Harry's 5th year at Hogwarts.  For naysayers who were disappointed with Harry's moodiness, angst or hormones - it's simply "real".  In this volume, Harry Potter is amazingly human.  He's 15!  Find me a fifteen- year-old who is not moody or conflicted with their feelings on a daily basis.  From the moment I began reading I knew that a new mood was being constructed, beginning as a shift in tone in the 4th novel, but now comes to the forefront.  Will the last 2 be as dark I wondered?  Maybe, maybe not...  BUT, Is it worth it?  DEFINITELY...  There is so much dimension and depth added to Harry that you can nearly reach out and touch him.  He appears this time as the hero, but a hero with scars, burdens and pain.  Harry is a true hero, but, a hero filled with all kinds of desires that blur the lines between good, evil and a nasty self-fulfilling prophecy.  J.K. Rowling - I'll wait 10 years if need be for the next volume, as long as you make it as amazing as this one.  I can't wait to hop on the next Hogwarts Express...
 Kids love reading Harry Potter.
 Second time to read the series and just as enjoyable as the first time.
 Already had series in hardback except that one.  Its great
 Easy read. Great descriptions.  Wonderful discussion book for yong readers.
 There is only one negative thing you can say about this book - as long as it is it still has to end sometime!  Rowling does not dissapoint - it was worth the wait.  I'm already looking forward to reading it again - the plot is so compelling that I couldn't read it quickly enough the first pass, so now I intend to read it again and savor all of the little details. Be prepared to spend some time with your heart in your throat - Rowling's hint that someone important dies is no lie - but so many of your favorite characters are in mortal peril at one time or another that you'll be worried about one or more of them at many points during the story.
 I love all the Harry Potter books and have had them in paperback since I was a kid but finally started replacing them with hardback copies. I love the different cover art for this one. It arrived in perfect condition.
 I'm a Harry Potter fanatic! I have all 7 books in hard back, and I've been buying my daughter the illustrated books as they come out every year for her birthday. I decided to download the illustrated motion edition &amp; I'm so happy that I did! My daughter and I both loved the animations throughout the book! I can't wait until they release the other books the same way!
 Ok, so it's the 5th book, and the first chapter is MARVELOUS!  I must say, it ended with a bang and was full of suspense and action...and then the story kicked into low gear.  It's long.  And it is very much an ending to the 4th book, but I'm afraid that it carried the weight of a book that was thrown together with bits off the cutting room floor.  I get the feeling from it that the author was pre-occupied in writing this story.  I'm a huge fan, I own all four previous years in Hardback and on CD and I love them. My favorite story remains "Harry Potter and the Prizoner of Azkaban".  Unfortunately I can't give details of what made the story drag for me, not without spoiling it for you.  I would say, Buy this book if you love Harry.  It'll be needed to get into the 6th book, but don't start reading the series here.
 El primer libro que dio comienzo a toda esta maravillosa saga literaria! deberia seruna compra obligada para todo aquel que guste de leer!
 Grandson is loving all his Harry Potter books and I am loving him reading them all.  The illustrations are great.
 I have read the Harry Potter series several times. I really enjoyed the drawings and animation in this release. It offers something new to enjoy about the series.
 Perfect condition.  Good story
 Came new and perfect condition!!
 The book is a wonderful book with Beautiful paintings on almost every day but the cover was damaged and dirty when I got it.
 Surprised my GF with this. It's a beautiful book with detailed intros of the specific house of the cover. A definite must buy for any HP fan no matter how many versions of the book you have!
 Who doesn't love JK Rowling's work? Always a treat!
 The artwork is so beautiful, it adds a new dimension to a story that I love.<br/><br/>Great on my Kindle Fire!
 Absolutely love it!! Needed a replacement copy because mine was damaged
 My grandson loved this book!
 I'm very disappointed that the language in the Kindle In Motion version is Americanized. The illustrations are nice, but I want to hear Ms. Rowling's voice, not an editor's.
 Impressive size, quality of pictures, sturdiness. Great book for the price.
 Hurried illustrations to get a book on the shelf. I wish they had picked a different illustrator and given them more time.
 This book is just like the other first three books, but, this one is more excited. This book is darker, eviler, than the first three books. People read this Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire book, never think it is too long.....but of course, when you first read it you think this book is like 'oh my god, am I ever going to finish this?' But when you start reading the Chapter one 'The Riddle House' you want to read at least four- five chapters a day. And when you finish this book, you are so proud of yourself, and you're waiting for Harry's next adventure.<br/>  I recommend you to buy this book!(If you don't have it yet).
 I am collecting this series of illustrated Harry Potter Book. Just love it. No doubt the best pictured book ever.
 How could anyone not LOVE this book??  If I've learned anything, JK Rowling is a stickler for detail.  I don't think anything that happened in this book was insignificant so it HAD to be as long as it was.  And if the ending wasn't a surprise it was because people sold it and read it before the release date!!!  I couldn't have been more angry that those people tried to spoil it for the rest of us.  Anyways, Harry is growing up and he's going through the same pains the typical teenager goes through - no one understands, angry at adults, trying to figure out the opposite sex.  And the plot thickens.  ^_^  When does the next one come out??
 Gorgeous illustrations for an amazing story.
 Beautifully drawn pictures
 Wow.  J.K. Rowling has outdone herself yet again in The Order of the Phoenix.  Yes, Harry is frequently angry, sometimes a bit of a snot, and even disagreeable - but Harry is also 15.  Reading the experiences of Harry vividly brought back memories of my own adolescence (and how uncomfortable and generally painful the experience was.)  Bravo for her her honesty as she lets young Potter "grow up" facing troubles typical of a 15 year old - teachers who are unfair, the challenges of figuring out the oppsite sex, alienation and frustration with adults, and impatience with friends.  Of course, there are also other things bothering our young hero ...<br/>The story involves the increasing frequency with which Harry's scar hurts, his troubling dreams (from the perspective of "You-Know-Who") and, as if this was not enough, the fact that he is living under the microscope of the press.<br/>As many other reviewers have said, the book reads quickly, in spite of its size.  The story is that engrossing.  Highly recommended.
 My niece loves it. Gave for her birthday and she went crazy. Came new and shipped fast.
 This is such a gorgeous edition of Harry Potter. My son and I are reading it slowly so we can savor the story AND the lovely illustrations.
 Ms. Rowling apparently had a lot to say in this next installment of the series. Coming in at nearly twice the length of the previous story, the bulkiness does not detract from the good, solid storytelling. The author seamlessly brings new readers up to date in the life of Harry Potter by interjecting, throughout the book, facts from the previous three books. However, you will not truly appreciate the development of this wonderful wizardly world without reading them in sequence. Other reviewers have felt the need to list their favorites in this series, but the exercise is unnecessary. The first four books were very fun and easy reads. This stuff isn't meant to be Shakespeare, folks. Many, many adults and kids have gushed to me about how much they enjoyed all seven novels. Nothing in Ms. Rowling's books have soured me from soon reading the fifth installment. Sit back, relax and enjoy.
 I am a huge fan of Harry Potter and of Jim Dale. He acts out these books expertly and has consistantly amazed and enthralled me with his depth and versatility with each character. So why three stars only? That sounds pretty good right? Well, I don't know if Jim Dale is to blame, or if Warner Brothers is the culprit, but you don't change the pronunciation of a MAJOR character's name after already establishing that pronunciation in no less than FOUR previous books. I find the hard "T" at the end of Voldemort's name in this book annoying and irritating. I have come to know the characters in these books, not only through my own readings, but through Jim Dale's and I find this change to be cheap and cheesy. I have worked as an editor and proof-reader for years, and one thing stands true above almost any other rule: Consistancy is next to Godliness.
 Delivered on time. Great gift for any Harry Potter fan
 Is so faint , its hard to read!
 the whole series is very good .. easy read .. fun
 Love love love beautiful book!
 Again, why are you reading this review?  You either love or loathe Harry Potter.  You're either going to read the entire series or none of the books at all.  I think all of the books are absolutely GREAT!<br/><br/>In any case, Order of the Phoenix (OOTP) is the 5th book in the series.  In this book Harry becomes more involved in the battle against Voldemort while fending off the non-supportive Ministry of Magic.  I thought it was a little long and drawn out, but JK Rowling has said that everything in this book was there for a reason--there were certain things we had to see in this book for later books.  (I read that somewhere--I don't have a source to quote though).  Harry learns of his true destiny in this book.  If you wanna know, you gotta buy it!  (Like you're not going to anyway!)
 Please put the rest of the illustrated versions on kindle. The animations are wonderful! They make the text come alive!
 Survived shipping unharmed and in great condition.
 bought this as a gift, harry potter always is a big hit for all ages
 If you enjoyed reading Harry Potter, you will enjoy this! I enjoy listening to Jim Dale's voices as he reads.
 My daughter loved this book!
 My 8 year old loved it.
 We love these illustrated Harry Potter books. The pictures in this one might be my favorite so far. They’re amazing!!! Highly recommend.
 Okay, book 5. Here it is, and what a wonderful read it was! Very entertaining, enlightening, and engrossing. I found the book covers a great deal for a 15 year Wizard dealing with more "grown-up" stuff. This book contains wonderful stories, subplots, and is more focused. We are introduced to some really wonderful - if nasty - characters...particularly Professor Umbridge! Talk about professional educational expertise gone amuck!<br/>J K Rowling displays again her talents in telling a really good story. How she keeps it all straight is amazing. This tale is darker for sure, but not without its moments of lightness and not without a bit of fun. The various new creatures also add to the book and the discoveries that only youth in this book can figure out. Yet, I also see a more mature Harry emerging from this book through his emotions and confusion. Confusions that reminded me at times of my harrowing adolescence - without the witch or wizard craft. I also give the author credit. She does not let this "tale" become too pat...there are suprises in this book and some that will place the reader in the mode to want more - particularly at the end of the book. She does fill in some holes for us, but as every one will guess...it is not all well in the Potter world for his future...J.K. Rowling ...cheers! What a wonderful book.
 As an adult I wanted to see what all the hype was about. I'm glad that I found out. The Potter books are excellent. The fourth book is much darker than the other three but I think it reflects how life changes as Harry gets  older. The book may not be suitable for children under nine since some of  the situations may be frightening. Rowling weaves a wonderful tale and one  really hates to leave Hogwarts at the end of each book. Waiting for Vol 5  eagerly. I listened to the 4th one on audio it is excellent, atmospheric  and made me sit in my car to catch just a few more minutes .....
 Now thirteen, Harry Potter heads into his third year at Hogwarts. Third year is a big step for Harry and friends; they get to choose electives, learn harder magic, and best of all, get to go to Hogsmeade on field trip weekends. As usual though, Harry's horrible Muggle aunt and uncle won't sign his permission form or even acknowledge his wizarding background; they tell people he's been sent to a reform school for dangerous criminal boys. Ha--if they only knew Harry's real school will be more dangerous and exciting than ever this year!<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling has, what can I say, outdone herself. Prisoner of Azkaban gets off to a bang of a start, with Harry learning a convicted killer named Sirius Black is after him, having escaped from the notorious Azkaban. To his credit though, Harry isn't about to let a little thing like a serial killer ruin his big third year. He's got plans, such as winning the Quidditch Cup for Gryffindor for the first time in years. But J.K. goes beyond the simple "avoid the crazed killer" plot. She adds well-timed and delicious details and subplots, such as Hagrid finally getting to teach Care of Magical Creatures, a secret that could land Hermione in the hospital wing all year (at minimum), and Harry's discovery of the Marauder's Map. Most authors would drop their Quaffles somewhere, but J.K. manages to keep all her plot threads tight and making sense.<br/><br/>Harry Potter and friends, as well as some new characters, get some superb development here. As another reviewer noted, the Hogwarts kids are growing up, and it's obvious in the problems they face and how they respond to each other, as well as the people in their lives. Harry faces some traumatic truths about what happened to his mom and dad; Ron continues growing into his place at Hogwarts; and Hermione pulls off one of the most breath-stopping climaxes in the series so far. (I tend to agree with a fan who says every book should be called Harry Potter and the Time Hermione Did Absolutely Everything). Even the bad guys get a little more sympathetic. For example, I still hate Snape, but I had to admit he had a point when he complained about Harry getting special treatment and doing as he pleased. Maybe it's the adult/former teacher/Muggle in me, but I couldn't help feeling Snape got a bad deal--until the end, that is, when he turned right back into a first-class jerk.<br/><br/>If I hate Snape, I have to say I love Lupin. He made Defense Against the Dark Arts fascinating for me and his students; I wanted to go to one of his classes. He's the kind of teacher I always wanted to be. I also identified with him based on his secrets and standing as an outcast. There are rumors floating around that J.K. wrote Lupin's affliction to stand in for HIV/AIDS. If she did, that's brilliant--it points us to the stigma faced by people with illnesses and disabilities, and encourages us to treat them with respect in a non-preachy way. Speaking of Lupin, I absolutely loved the subplot with him, his friends, and the Marauder's Map. The scene where the Map insults Snape is downright hilarious.<br/><br/>Other favorite parts of note: As a cat-lover, I cheered for Hermione adopting a cat. The subplot with Hagrid and Buckbeak is heartwarming, heartbreaking, and triumphant--not an easy mix to pull off. I'm not into sports, but that Quidditch final had me loathe to put the book away. GO, GRYFFINDORS! And I do wonder what's going to happen between Harry and Cho Chang...kudos for picking a Ravenclaw girl, Harry. We're the best of the lot. :)<br/><br/>Read it--you'll love it!
 My daughter loved the great illustrations!
 I have reread these every year since they came out, even though I only bought the ebooks recently.
 I donated this to my public library because it didn't have the title on its shelf anymore - lost items.
 No much more to say about a Harry  Potter Book
 Book as expected. Goblet of Fire is such a great book, one of the best in her amazing series. No concerns
 Everything was as described and the seller responded quickly to inquiries.
 I really like this book, it has wonderful adjectives good for education. Childeren would like to start harry potter from the first book. This book is a good start for grade 3-5 students.
 J K Rowling has a brilliantly creative mind. She creates great subplots in this book. Each character is its own unique little individual. She even makes me laugh. She stays true to each character in this book. As far as plot and subplots go and creativity, this book is far better than the previous 3.<br/><br/>The only fallback for this book, which is why it does not get 5 stars (wish I could give it 3 1/2), is the writing. There's too much passive writing and telling in this book. It becomes annoying after awhile. If this book didn't have the great plots it has then I would have stopped reading because of the poor writing. She tells most of everything instead of showing. Dumbledor always has a "twinkle" in his eye and speaks calmly to show that he's affable. The characters are always saying things "shortly" to show anger. Reading those things in every other page of a 700+ page book is downright annoying. But, I stuck with it.<br/><br/>I loved a lot of the details, such as the parts with Voldemort. I liked the ominous ending, too, which tells me everything's going to come to the forefront in the next book, when we'll learn more about what's going on.<br/><br/>The writing was towing the amateur line, and that almost killed it for me. I'm eager to read the next book, but I need to spend some time reading a different book to remind me of what good writing is.
 The story has always been amazing and the artwork takes it to another level. Beautiful!
 Ok--I know some of you are saying that this may be contrived and formulated but i must say that this is quite honestly the best book that I've read all summer (and i've read quite a few).  As far as the Harry Potter series goes, this book keep me on my toes the entire time.  I wasn't  quite sure from the first chapter but once i started seriously reading i  was absolutley hooked!  This book had suspense, humor and mystery---more  than I could have ever imagined.  Yes, i've been waiting for some time for  this book to come out and I quite honestly expected it to be a let down but  I was most definitley surprised when i reached the last 200 pages or so and  just could not put it down.  I stayed up till 4 am to finish it.  Mind you  that i am 29 years old.  Sorry, but Harry is really great reading and I have been  recommending it to all of my friends and they've been taking my suggestions  and have been loving him!  I can't reveal the real juicy bits of the book  (and there are a million!) but i must tell you that reading this is worth  every minute!  You will so NOT be disappointed!  Sadly, you will have to  wait about another year till Harry V.  That totally bumms me out--but i  will probably be there waiting for it's arrival with bells on.  :)
 The quality of the writing is totally missing in the film -- like comparing literature to Cliff Notes. Goon stuff
 Will make a great Christmas Present
 We’ll printed book with a great quality dust cover!
 Best book so far in the series. Mystery, comedy, suspense, joy &amp; sorrow. Intricate story lines that twist and turn and finally join together in the end. This book is for old and young alike - I'm in my mid 30's and am absolutely loving this series. Now on to Order of the Phoenix! (Warning, the movie version of Harry's 4th year is a GIGANTIC let down!)
 First time reading the series. It made it much easier to follow along and stay engaged!
 I loved the animation. Jim Kay did a fantastic job of making the world of Harry Potter come alive. Cannot wait for the other books.
 ...and as those of us who have walked that path know, it is sometimes a bit bumpy.  This is a superb book in terms of both evolving Harry (many of the characters, actaully) and the whole series. JKR does a great job of capturing the trials, tribulations, doubts, and passions of growing up in a way that easily moves the plot forward.  And a great plot at that--action, intrugue, heros, villians--there is not a lot of dead space in its 900 pages. The book is also a great "middle book"--answers some questions, set a couple of more hooks and generally keeps things fresh--JKR has done a good job in avoiding the cookie-cutter syndrome.
 My grandson loved this book.  The graphics are beautiful.
 I have avoided spoilers in this review. This book is to the Harry Potter series what "The Empire Strikes Back" was to the Star Wars trilogy. We learn more about our favorite characters; we watch them as they  continue to mature; the stage is set for the ultimate conflict in the  future; and the story takes a darker turn. Young readers who gobbled up the  adventures and perils of the first three books will find things are getting  tougher. Good people die, while others who should be fighting don't step  up. We also find out that some people we didn't like are really on the  right side.  We've gotten to know our main characters in the first three  books, and we continue to learn and care about them.  Everybody has an  opinion who Harry, Ron, and Hermione should get romantically involved with,  which I think is a sign of well drawn characters.<br/>This book is not  perfect. It drags in one or two places; the transitions are not entirely  smooth. It's not serious.<br/>I believe the Potter books are as popular as  they are because what people really want to read and hear is a Story, the  kind where you can't wait to know what happens next to the people you care  about, the kind of thing that could be read aloud around a fireplace.  This  book delivers that and sets up what is to come. When I finished this book,  I had the exact same feeling I get at the top of a roller-coaster hill just  before the car tips over. It's going to seem like a very long wait for the  next one.
 Admittedly, I'm older that the target audience by at good 30 years, but I truly enjoyed the first four books in the Harry Potter series. However, my attention was starting to wander by page 700 of this tome due to the length, slower pace, and the unrelenting teen angst of Harry--a character who had managed to remain relatively cheery through his travails till now. I will say that the unpleasant ending most definitely snagged my attention once again.<br/>Perhaps it's simply that I was enjoying the saga as escapist fare and not identifying closely with the characters as some of the younger audience are said to do. The tone of this book is decidedly moodier than the rest, and to be blunt--not what I was looking for. I'm sure many fans will love the book but many of the children and adults I've talked to echo my complaints, though not often to the same degree. Several writer-types said they thought the book needed editing.<br/>Bottom line. I read then reread the first four in short order. I've had no such desire with the fourth and it's instilled a "wait and see" attitude in me towards the last two installments. If Ms. Rowland again opts for a darker mood, I'll pass. I can get all the realism I need reading the newspapers.
 Love the illustration, Harry Potter fan
 I loved this book! I would recommend it to Percy Jackson fans and people who love fantasy and action. This was a very exciting book, and there is nothing I disliked about it.
 I am a huge HP fan. These illustrated books are amazingly illustrated and a great addition to my Harry Potter collection
 Jim Dale is INCREDIBLE. Highly recommend to any Harry Potter fan.
 Beautifully done!
 As described and on time
 Highly recommended for Harry Potter fans.  :)
 This was so good to read. I have read through the series several times because it is amazing. I would rate this a ten out of ten and anyone can read it.
 Please see above. Physical quality of book was great, and the story's content is timeless. But the cover of this paperback looks like a doodle. A doodle I could not draw, for all my complaining, but compared to the beautiful original hardback cover to this book, this cover really doesn't measure up.
 Who doesn’t love the Harry Potter books?
 Beautiful book. The illustrations are wonderful. I’m reading the series to my children, ages 5 and 7. They really enjoy the illustrations; they help my children engage with the book. Worth the extra money.
 Great book. Fast shipping
 Exactly what I expected.
 This one isn't my favorite, but once it got rolling I enjoyed it. The first half of the book could have been pared down a tad - found it tedious, and found myself getting irritated with Mr. Potter's teenaged petulance... it felt overdone - there could have been less and the point still would have been made. As with the other books, loved the details and the some of the side stories - these are the elements that keep this book together. Once things start to roll in the book I liked it - although it's essentially the same story as the others - these kids just don't seem to learn from experience! (Something I'm going to have trouble swallowing in the next installment.) Glad to have read this - but if the next one is like this one, getting through it is going to seem like work.
 Beautiful book I love all the details about the Ravenclaw founder and dormitory. Would recommend to anyone!
 Wow!  I bought this at one in the morning on Saturday, read it yesterday at the beach, and finished it at two this afternoon (on Sunday). It's incredible, all seven hundred something pages of it.  Like the previous  books in the series, it covers a year in the life of Harry Potter, as he  goes through his fourth year at Hogwarts School of Wizardry and Witchcraft.  Harry is now fourteen, and has to deal not only with the trials of  adolescence, but also with the growing power of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named...  Lord Voldemort.  Back to help-or hinder- Harry in his trials this year are  his friends Ron and Hermione, the headmaster Dumbledore, and many others  from the previous books, including his godfather, Sirius Black.<br/>I don't  want to spoil the book for those who haven't read it, but the excitement  this year at Hogwarts concerns the Triwizard Tournament, a competition  among Hogwarts and two other rival schools of witchcraft and wizardry.  Competitors from other schools not only provide excitement in the  tournament, but also among the hearts of some students of Hogwarts...but  I'm not telling who!  Suffice it to say, this is a necessary read for  everyone who has read the others in the series, and even those who haven't  will still enjoy it.  Though many may think this series is just for kids,  I'm living proof that adults enjoy it too. The layers of this book provide  a good story for those just looking for that, but there are also little  nuggets for adults that kids may not catch, especially in names.  For  example, Sirius Black, Harry's godfather that we met in "Prisoner of  Azkaban, is an Animagi who can turn into a big black dog.  In astronomy,  Sirius is the Dog Star...  Little things like this make the books even  richer.<br/>So...in closing, GO READ THIS BOOK!  In my opinion it more than  lived up to all the hype surrounding its release.  This fourth installment  in the Harry Potter series only makes me anticipate the next all the more.
 Very pretty book. Made a great gift
 It isn't often that an author produces a series of books where each new book is better than the last, but J. K. Rowling does it consistently.  The  Harry Potter books are wonderful for a variety of reasons, but the chief  one is that Rowling writes what she would like to read.  The Goblet of Fire  is the longest and darkest of the series to date, but a brilliant  transitional book.  There were three passages in the book that literally  reduced me to tears, while others made me laugh out loud.  I am a 50 year  old biology prof- but I am ready to go to Hogwarts at the drop of an owl  post.  If only...
 Love this book and now my daughter does too! Perfect condition
 I read this book after watching all the movies at the urging of my wife. Since I enjoyed the films she commented that I would likely enjoyed the greater details in the book, and she was right. I gave Harry Potter a chance and now I’m a fan.
 If you’ve seen the movie there won’t be any surprises but still a fun read for the whole family.
 Came in the mail early and is perfect for when I start reading Harry Potter to my niece!
 bought as a gift for a 10 year old. Nice book, not sure if she liked it, but beautiful hard cover book
 Exactly what I expected.
 On time and as described
 The Harry Potter series breaks down into two trilogies. It starts with a 3-part children's story about a wizard defeating Voldemort and Voldemort's legacy, and it keeps a strictly fairy-tale tone. The final 3 books tell a young-adult story about a teenager trapped in the middle of a wizarding war. Then, in between, we have the clunky bridge of book 4, but Order of the Phoenix is where Rowling starts to succeed with the ambitious task she really mapped out in the previous installment. It's definitely a tone shift, it features a protagonist who acts more like an adult than a child, and it's much more evenly paced than Goblet of Fire. That said, it's still a bit over-written and I take some issues with the ending.<br/><br/>The first time I read it, I was struck (as were we all) by Harry's temper and how it undermined him as a sympathetic character. This time through it bothered me less. Harry's main personal conflict is that he has to finally see that the world is larger than himself and that the conflicts are more complicated than "who's right and who's wrong". That is, there's politics to contend with. And that's where I start to take issue with the ending, and here's why:<br/><br/> SPOILERS]<br/><br/>Harry's unwillingness to listen to his superiors, his brash need to be the hero, leads him to go charging into the Ministry of Magic blindly and ultimately results in the death of his godfather. But he doesn't learn from this. He's angry at himself, but as soon as he gets back to the school, Dumbledore sits him down and apologizes to him for not keeping him well-enough informed. Harry was just starting to grow, to learn that actions have consequences. But then he settles back into righteous anger.<br/><br/> END SPOILERS]<br/><br/>All that said, it's better than I remember. It's fairly exciting, it features a great villain in Dolores Umbridge, and it's definitely an improvement over book 4. But while the scope has widened, the temperament has not. In a wizarding war with the fate of the world at stake, we're still devoting a lot of page-inches to the Quidditch House Cup. The main plot muscles on, but the subplots meander greatly and don't really contribute to the characters or the story all that much (what purpose did Grawp serve, seriously?) and despite being 5 books in, we're still spending a good chunk of time setting up for sequels.
 Beautiful book, but arrived slightly damaged. May be better to purchase in store.
 Beautiful design!!<br/>There are less pictures than the preceding two but, is still an amazing book. My collection is looking good!!
 Another beautiful book by Jim Kay. These are so worth the price. I'm looking forward to collecting the series.
 I am a 34 year old woman, normally like classics and don't find most modern books worth glancing at.  For that matter, I never read kids books, certainly, except a few years ago I picked up Harry Potter 1 just to see why the big commotion.  I was impressed.<br/><br/>I've since read Book 2 and recently I read Book 3, Prisoner of Azkaban.  I would say that Azkaban is the best yet, although one can certainly argue how can one be more perfect than perfectipn?<br/><br/>The superiority of the Azkaban lies in:<br/><br/>1.  superior imagination - a magical bus that runs wildly but never hits things because the things "jump" away automatically; the boggart that assumes the form of one's worst fear; the map that shows every secret path and the location of everybody at any time.<br/><br/>2.  watertight plot.  Even Ron's worthless rat that nobody would ever give a thought of carries unexpected weight in this story; every odd incident is explained naturally smoothly, and every explanation makes perfect sense.<br/><br/>3.  well-arranged mysteries gradually introduced and explained at the proper time.<br/><br/>4.  amazing character development.  Professor Lupin is such a lovable teacher, whereas the dementors can chill even the reader's bones, not only Harry's!<br/><br/>As always, the book is so well-written (albeit simple) that the language alone makes it a joy to read.  I find it inconceivable that any one human being can write as perfect a book as this, but Rowling has written quite a few.  In comparison to the C.S. Lewis's Narnia series, for example, I think Harry Potter is  better in that the stories are more complex (yet perfectly lucid for even children).  The more complex a story is, the harder it is to make the storyline watertight, but Azkaban not only fit into itself perfectly, it fits the previous books seamlessly as well.<br/><br/>Rowling is a genius compared to geniuses.
 My son loved it. We read the books before watching the movies. I was able to read it in spanish for him and he love the books better than the movies.
 I did indeed enjoy this book, the fifth in the Harry Potter series. I was pleased to see a bit more character development in Harry, as mounting school and peer pressures make him both more worrisome and a bit snappish at times. He does seem a bit more introverted and questioning than in the earlier books in the series, an attitude assisted by an increasingly distant relationship with Dumbledore, clashes with Sirius, and much doubt over how to handle his blossoming relationship with Cho. This book spend less time on the Quiddich field and more time in Harry's head, making it slightly less of a fairy-tale romp into potions and spells, and more of a chronicle of a boy making his transition into adulthood.<br/>I was also happy to see that this book finally shed some light into exactly why Harry was targeted by Voldemort as an infant--that's been held out as a teaser for a while, and I was starting to wonder if we were going to have to wait for the last book in the series to find out. Of course, J.K. Rowling poses as many questions as she answers in this book, and we must all now wait for several months before we get more insight into exactly how much knowledge Aunt Petunia has of the magical world, and whether or not Harry's unthinkingly reflexive use of an "unforgivable" crucio curse gives us a hint into how the plot of book six might unfold.
 Got for my 9yr old granddaughter, she loves it
 I needed something interesting to read in Japanese as I'm an intermediate learner and this is perfect. What's even better, the price! Foreign exports are expensive... Doing this on the kindle is amazing too because you can look up kanji you don't know in no time!
 Love this illustrated Kindle in Motion version of Sorcerer's Stone. It's very whimsical and some of the motion may be subtle, but seems to me to be kind of what wizarding story books should be like in the wizarding world. I hope they do all the books in the series this way and even would be great for Beedle the Bard. I'd love to see that done in motion in the style of illustration they used in the movie to tell the Tale of the Three Brothers.
 I got this for my girlfriend because she loved harry potter in highschool. She adores it and it was a great purchase
 Love these illustrated books
 Perfect condition
 Recieved as expected
 I love this book.I rated it 5 stars because it was a great book! You will be on the edge of your seat as you read the exciting adventurers of Harry Potter!I recommend  this for people  who love thrilling and exciting books. It was fairly long and is a bit time consuming, but overall, just fantastic!
 This book could have been the best, but alas it is not. Goblet is still a wonderful book to read, but Rowling appears to have rushed to get this book out to the publisher, writing a 750 page book in a year is daunting task, hence than is why she now takes between 2-3 years to write this book. Despite all of that the action scenes in this book are fantastic. I would suggest that any Potter fan read this book before the 4th movie comes out.<br/>Also the ending of this book is very good, and I have never met anyone who has guessed it in advance.<br/>Also for parents this book does contain some very scary scenes towards the end. One of the chapters is titled Flesh, Blood and Bones. SPOILERS A character in this book is murdered and if that is theme you do not want your kids to read please be aware.END OF SPOILERS.
 What can I say? Made me a hero. I’ll have to buy more soon. All the kids want their own.
 Great Series!
 Adding to collection
 The man reading this book is a genius with voices!  Because the book is so long, it does get tedious listening to it, but I still enjoy listening to it while I drive.  Although I've read all the books, I still feel like book five is the book that is packed full of information (backwards and forwards) leading you into the last two.  Sometimes I found myself bored by all the drawn out descriptions, but I was patient with them because #1...I love Harry Potter, and #2...I have a sneaking suspicion that these details are important for all that is to come.  Altogether, a good tie-together of a book.  You really have to stay on top of the discs, but still a great listen!
 Love audio books
 Excalty what I remember when it was first released.
 Daughter loves Harry Potter. Came in in good condition
 Love them they are so beautiful long shipping from over seas
 Very engaging and imaginative. This is a great book for young readers. Within pages of this book you can find lots of life lessons.
 Loved reading the book!  Big Harry Potter fan!
 Yes I am sixty years old, and find the adventures of HarryPotter "magical". ...I have the audio cassettes and thebooks themselves. The cassettes, I love to listen to Jim Daley masterfully capture the very essence of the characters. He is an actor I have always admired. The books, I keep hoping to be able to read them to other children at some time. I am an English lady living in Houston. What a delightful style J.K.Rowling has of telling stories and holding the interest of the reader, thank you. Adults can get just as caught up in Harry and friends, as children.
 If you haven't read the first two books in the Harry Potter series, don't consider this until then.<br/>This book was awesome! The details are really creative and the plot is put together superbly. I really enjoyed this book. I had to read it in like three days and I was up till like 2-3am each night (I had to force myself to sleep). This is a book fun for even adults. If you have the slightest interest in magic and/or fantasy, this is for you. The book is clever enough to surprise the brightest of adults. If you're even considering it (as you are by reading this review), I know you'll enjoy it.
 Simply beautiful - great way to get my 2nd grade into reading!
 Absolutely love this book. Great quality, and the extra content for Ravenclaw is awesome!
 This is a very good book. I have all the Harry Potter Books, 1 through 3, and I am going to either buy or probably borrow the book from the library in my town. The last few chapters are the best parts, I think.<br/>Harry  Potter Books are good. Even though they are fiction, they are still fun to  read through. The next one is supposed to be very long. I just really like  reading it when I have my free time. I think everybody should buy this  book. I hope they make new books soon. In my country, they are coming out  on July 8. Have a good time reading this book! Good luck!
 Great product
 Excellent, completing my set for my granddaughter. She loves them.
 great quality with pictures
 The book is great and was delivered on time.
 Ordinary kids doing supernatural things.<br/>A baby is orphaned when his parents are killed by a wizard. The baby is brought up by a mean aunt and uncle, who denigrate his parent's magic and favor their own son over him.<br/>Because he survived the wizard's attack, he is famous and invited to attend a boarding school, an ordinary English school, except they teach potions and spells. The hallways are haunted by ghosts.<br/>The hero must solve a mystery and overcome another attack.<br/>I laughed, cried and gasped in amazement. As Shaw implied, is all this wasted on the young?
 Illustrations are beautiful. My son and I love it
 My 8 year old son loved this book!
 Illustrations were incredible and a great addition to an excellent story. The writing is captivating from the beginning as always.
 I enjoyed lots of details of the book. I mostly liked how Harry lived with his mean uncle and aunt and his cousin named Dudley but then something special happens to Harry and he finds out he is a wizard and has a mom witch and a dad wizard who died from Lord Voldemorts spell or the who must not be named. Harry goes to Hogwarts his first day and becomes best friends with Ron and Hermione. I loved learning spells in the book. I love how Harry thinks snape is trying to kill him but then Harry finds out professor Quirrel is teaming up with lord Voldemort. This book had great, loving quotes from Dumbledore and he taught me a lesson at the end of the book.<br/>  There was a confusing little part I didn't like about the book. I didn't like how Professor Quirrel seemed not at all suspicious but then for a suprise at the end of the book it turns out to be Quirrel but in the movie it does point out how suspicious Quirrel is being but overall I loved the book and you should read it!<br/>  I think people who love mysterious and magic will love reading this book. For those people who dream of being a witch or wizard like me and love to memorize spells will absolutely love this book!
 Great book
 Just in time for a Christmas present
 Thank you
 Bought this as a gift after seeing my boys fall in love with the series all over again. Can’t wait for number 4.
 With Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, JK Rowling has delivered a feast for the true Harry Potter fan.  Once again, as in her previous books, the author draws the reader in on the first page, keeping him under her spell  through the volume's 37 chapters.<br/>This book further chronicles the life  of boy-wizard Harry Potter, who attends Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and  Wizardry and often finds himself in...situations.  As Harry continues his  fourth year at the school, he becomes involved in the Triwizard Tournament,  goes on his first date, and meets other young wizards from around the  world.  In this book, as in the previous three, Rowling fills in the gaps  of Harry's knowledge (and the reader's)of his past, but leaves us in enough  suspense to wonder what could possibly happen next...<br/>This book cetainly  exceeded my expectations, which were already high.  With the other books  being as great as they were, it was hard for me to believe the author could  outdo herself.  The sheer size of the book is a treat in itself, although  the real treasure lies inside its covers.  Having learned from experience,  my fiance and I purchased two copies, ensuring no fights would ensue over  who got to read it first.<br/>One can only hope that Rowling has enough house  elves to help her with her daily chores such as cooking and  cleaning...anything to keep her writing, so book five will arrive that much  faster!
 Great book and great transaction!
 I have purchased copies of this book for four grandchildren, boys and girls.  They all love it and have read it several times.  They could hardly wait for the other two books to be published.  In this day and age of  computers, tv, videos, etc., it is wonderful to see and hear of the  excitement that this book creates.  There is nothing like your own  imagination that is developed by reading.  I loved the book as well.  We  have been to the authors book signing and I would say she is the premier  author of this century as she has done what no one else could do....bring  kids back to the joy of reading!!
 I loved this book, it was so great i would recommend it to all readers of all ages if you like fantasy you will enjoy it very much.
 My grandson loves this book. This is his third Harry Potter book.
 Better than I expected. I loved the details that were house specific made it even better.
 In his fifth year at Hogwarts, our favorite wizard, Harry Potter, finds himself battling more than just dementors, death eaters, potential murderers and bullies.  He fights the ultimate fight -- adolescence (complete with a crush).  Though longer than the last book, I found I was unable to put it down.  Questions we have had for years are answered and yet Rowling leaves us wondering just what is in store for our beloved hero in the next two books. An absolute must for any Harry Potter fan and if you haven't read them, you're missing a great story!  Well written and well worth the wait.  I can only hope it doesn't take another three years for the next one!
 I am missing 49 pages, and this book is out of order too, some of the 200's are in the 100's.
 My five year olds loves when we read this book.
 There is nothing I need to say. HP is a brilliant series of books. And this edition is a great thing to have if you are a fan, if you want to reread it or if you are just discovering the beautiful world of Harry Potter
 I have reread these every year since they came out, even though I only bought the ebooks recently.
 I have reread these every year since they came out, even though I only bought the ebooks recently.
 I have reread these every year since they came out, even though I only bought the ebooks recently.
 My husband and I, we’re HUGE “Harry Potter Fans!” As much as we love the movies, they don’t do the books justice! Very pleased with the entire series!
 I loved it. Great read. Don't know why it took me so long to give the series a try. Looking forward to reading more.
 Come on it’s harry Potter it will always get a great rating
 GEEKING OUT STILL
 Granted I didn't jump on the Harry Potter bandwagon until around 6 months ago.  I ADORE this series, and I will admit I am not in the intended age range here.I am 26 years of age, but I can't wait to get to the next book.  I think these books are the most imaginative I have read since the Narnia Chronicles when I was young. For a year or so, I thought these were just for kids.  Yet one day I took the plunge, and now I will not turn back until I have read all the forthcoming Harry Potter books. I recommend it to everyone, young and old alike!
 Third read, got this for Kindle
 Ta me excited faoi sin!  I wish more of the series had been translated, but it's already going to take me<br/>four years to read at this level as Gaelige.  I'm excited for the challenge! Go raibh maith agat!
 returned  duplicate
 Just bought so complete my hard bound series.
 When i have kids these will be the Harry potter books i read to them. holy cow are they pretty.
 I’m quite pleased that this series books hold strong in this ability to keep up a excellent story line. Onward to book number four!
 let me start by saying i am very late with jumping on the harry potter band-wagon. i'm a college student and a few of my friends have been reading the series since the first book came out in 1998. whenever a new book or movie came out they would press upon me the idea that i HAVE to read these books. my friend even went as far as explaining the whole basic plotline to me right before this book came out in the summer of 2005. but i still didn't catch on. finally i caught the first harry potter movie on tv. i watched the second one with a friend the next week. then i went out and rented the 3rd and 4th movies. finally, i decided maybe i should read the books. i bought the first two and finished them in 4 days. well i couldn't stop there could i? so i bought the rest. And even though i had seen the movies, i couldn't put the first 4 books  down! now i am almost done with the 6th book (Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, which i also couldn't put down) and this particular book (Order of the Pheonix) is one of the best because it shows them all growing up and harry is in that difficult angsty-phase of adolenscence. very good book series no matter how old you are! ;)
 Beautiful book.  Daughter is collecting them all and loves to go thru the images
 Bien!
 Love!
 Loved
 While I have seen a number of reviews of this HP book, I hadn't seen reviews that referenced the audio version in particular. Jim Dale has been the narrator for all of the unabridged versions of the Harry Potter series. These are word for word readings of the entire book.<br/><br/>I have the entire Harry Potter series in both hardback and CD formats. I have read each book cover to cover before listening to the CDs. Both experiences of the books are wonderful. To have the books brought to life with each character uniquely voiced enriched the experience of reading the books.<br/><br/>Jim Dale's voice talents make these CDs an amazing adventure. Although book 5 is about 17 CDs, it is an unbelievable journey. There are more characters in book 5 than in any of the previous books, and each of them has a voice of their own. Jim Dale's work adds depth to the characters. His characterization is probably one of the reasons most of the movies haven't lived up to my expectations - how can they compare to the unabridged version I have heard on the CDs.<br/><br/>The Harry Potter books are a wonderful chance to share a reading experience with your family. Parents can read to children and children can read to their parents. With the CDs, parents and children can sit together and 'read-along' with Jim Dale and all the characters of the novels.<br/><br/>If you are a fan of the novels - give Jim Dale a chance to increase your pleasure in the books with his fabulous and imaginative readings.
 I just received this book having pre-ordered it and I am so pleased with what I received. The book is a bit bigger than expected but the illustrations are incredible. This would be an excellent copy to read to young children as the pictures beautifully illustrate the story. I am so delighted with this purchase!
 The latest Harry Potter book was fabulous, as expected.  I find myself constantly surprised at how involved I feel in Rowling's books... what a great author, to be able to please children, as well as their parents.  This book would most likely prove scary and confusing to smaller children, as it deals quite a bit with corruption in government and realistically menacing characters, but older kids will love it and will enjoy the suspense.  A hefty book at 870 pages,I found myself torn between wanting to read it as fast as I could (and did) and wishing I'd gone more slowly so that the magic would last just a little bit longer...a few less days in between finishing this book and beginning the next one.
 This is the best book yet in the series. It is exciting on every page. Rowling is an extremely talented storyteller with an incredible imagination.  I finished the Goblet of Fire and was disappointed because  now I have to wait for the sequel. Rowling ties up lots of loose end, only  to create so many questions for the next one. I fully expect number 5 to be  the most exciting HP book when it comes out. What I love most is that my  students who hate to read or avoid reading are reading this book and loving  it.  Highly recommend, almost any age.
 Love these illustrated editions. I bought it for my best friend, who introduced me to the series, and we were both thrilled with the beautiful pictures inside. The only drawback was the spine was a little scuffed but, I soppose that's more the fault of the shipping than Amazon.
 SO cute!!!
 Good for someone who likes Harry Potter
 Its just beautiful!
 Great quality. Brought the story to life.
 Love this book and the movie as well.
 Excellent books! Beautiful illustration!
 Love Harry Potter
 Watched all the movies and now reading the books...a great system indeed. Magic and make believe is still alive for we that are children at heart.<br/>GG
 The translation is a little lazy, all the names of people and places were kept in English, so the word play was lost each and every time. As such it lacks some of the magic of the original.
 This book rocks and rolls... hard! It starts off in the usual manner with scenes of Harry with the Dursleys. But then everything else seems slightly different when compared to the other HP books! This book seems to reflect upon the fact that Harry is now older than he was in the earlier books. The characters that one is going to meet in this book are the usual Hogwarts crew and also Lupin, Sirius, Moody, The Weasleys amongst others make their appearance in it. There is also a new DADA teacher who is positively REPULSIVE. I hated reading about what she did and tried to do! It was positively loathsome! In fact, believe me when I say this: She was positively more repulsive than Voldermort ever could be! Be prepared to hate her the most when you embark upon the "O.T.Phoenix". There are also a couple of new creatures: Threstals! I will not tell you what they are, only that they are interesting! And, as far as the character that dies is concerned. You'll keep guessing who it is till the very end! On at least four different occasions, I thought sadly that the time had come, but then it didn't. But when it comes, you're sad anyway! The only thing which I felt was lacking in this book was that Draco Malfoy's role in it seems to have dwindled! He hardly ever appears in this book.<br/>But on the whole: this book does live up to the hype surrounding it and the secrecy behind the whole business of "Who dies in it?" is also intriguing. A new witch called Tonks is introduced in this book; she sounds like real fun! ;) Anyway, to sum it all up in a succinct statement: The book is absolutely riveting and enjoyable. The only thing is that now we'll have to wait till HP-6 comes out! That will be an agony filled wait. Till then, HP-5 will have to do. And it will...
 I am a 23-year-old college student who loves these books. That said, I thouroughly enjoyed the new book. I started it and I just couldn't stop. Younger children may find it very disturbing and scary, Rowling's  characters are begining to grow up and their lives are becoming filled with  more concerns than just who gets the best grades. The length of the book is  necessary in order for the story to be set up...she is very obviously  trying to set the stage for the next 3 books. Harry and his friends do not  always have an easy time of it...jealousy, death, evil, and social  consciousness are all subjects that they have to grow through in this book.  The tone of the book is very dark with many comedic helpings from Fred and  George, who are starting to think beyond Hogwarts, and to what they want to  do with their lives.  A lot of this book is about that, taking stock of the  present and looking to the future. Some might find it a little boring, but  I didn't I loved every page and enjoyed the little stories that all seemed  to fit in with the return of...ah, but that would be telling wouldn't it?  :)
 Good quality, no issues.
 I would highly recommend this book. I don't know if you ever get migraine headaches but I've had one all weekend from summer school yet I still couldn't put this book down. The mystery is so enthralling, the adventure  so exciting, and the fantasy so spelllbinding that it makes a very easy yet  enjoyable read.  The reader cannot help but relate to Harry's problems even  though they're a world apart. That's probably what is so unique about the  book: Although it very obviously happens in an alternate reality where  magic happens, the people could easily be real.  Coming of age,  prejudice,  power hungriness, and hate are all the same issues in Harry's world as in  ours.  Anyways, the only thing I was disappointed about was that the ending  was less than emotionally fulfilling.  Yet being the turning point in the  series, I cannot think of anything else that could have made sense.  Hence  5 stars, hence read the book.
 Yes, it's over 700 pages...but I still finished it in onenight. You won't find yourself counting pages left, I promise.<br/>Yes,it's up to par.  Rowling continues with some threads she'd started in earlier books... and starts some interesting new ones...<br/>Goblet of Fire is a little darker than the earlier books, ...but I still found myself laughing out loud in several spots. If there's anyone left who hasn't read the earlier books, it's best to start at the beginning and work your way through, but Goblet of Fire does have plenty of reminders and explanations of what happened in the earlier books, in case you've forgotten anything.<br/>Also, a comment to parents who might be thinking of not letting their children read Goblet of Fire: please consider these points. Do you want to deprive your children of the chance to read a book of both literary and moral value that is still fun to read? Do you really want to keep them away from a book that has turned more non-readers into enthusiastic readers than anything in recent memory?  Do you want to keep them from a story that teaches loyalty, perseverance, courage, and the value of learning and of independent thought?...  END
 It’s Harry Potter. What’s not to like?
 One of the most exciting books in the series. There is a lot going on in this book and toward the end you really find out a lot about the story that sets up the remaining books quite well.
 True to form, Rowling has authored a delightfully entertaining and surprising book.  Wherever does one come up with these things?!?!?
 Love these books
 It is just this person is the most talented writer in the world just the best!!!!!!!!!!!! Your awesome just awesome😎😎
 Let me start off first by saying that I enjoyed the book, though it seems to me that Rowling has simply chosen to use this book as a filler and a means to an end.  From what I can discern, only three major issues are brought out, and character development is largely squashed by Harry's temper.  Ron and Hermione come no closer to realizing what they mean to each other, and though Harry teaches his talents to others, he doesn't display a large improvement himself.<br/>Though I was sad to see a main character die, their involvement in this book is minimal and Rowling shows no effort to make the reader more fond of the character during this book.  I think overall the book draws on the reader's emotional attachment in past books rather than developing a further empathy.<br/>I still love the Potter series, and anxiously await more novels, but Rowling seems to have held back in the Order of Phoenix.  I only hope she has a reason for this (maybe the next books will be that much better for it?).
 I adore this series, it's what got me into reading as a child- and I still enjoy it as an adult. The book came in beyond excellent condition, I'm very happy!
 Beautiful book! Would buy again.
 Upon learning the series was being re-released illustrated, I purchased all three that are out so far to begin reading them all over again. Stunning and beautifully done; I can’t wait for the Goblet of Fire.
 On time and as described
 This covers Harry Potter and his goblet of fire. Better than the movie!
 Amazing illustrations. Captivating more for us adults than our little kids. Definitely worth the buy.
 Thanks
 I really enjoyed the order of the Phoenix. I listened to the audio version, (17 tapes in all), and was mesmerized by the narrator's spectacular voice and he quirky and enduring creatures of Harry's world. In particular, I loved seeing Snape as a teenager, and Luna Lovegood was an excellent secondary character.<br/>I disagree with others who mention the book is too long... I prefer my books longer! They are longer to finish! LOL. I was pleasantly surprised to see Ron come into his own in this installment, I can't wait for Harry's next book, with hopefully more revelations about Snape!
 I loved the speedy delivery and the quality of the book. The only thing I did not like is the product's sticker on the back. I believe it should be possible to take off and not leave a trace, but all in all, I am very pleased and satisfied with my purchase.
 I LOVE this product. I couldn’t be happier or more highly recommend.
 I LOVE this product. I couldn’t be happier or more highly recommend.
 These audiobooks are amazing! Jim Dale is our favorite narrator. He does a unique voice for each of the many characters and performs them consistently throughout the entire series. Incredible performance!
 In quite decent condition.  Looks like it's been read a few times, but well cared for.  DJ in intact, no writing or stains.  I'm pleasantly surprised.
 My 8 years old has been hooked onto the book since its arrival. First I highly recommend this seller because it arrived on time and in excellent shape. The book is no doubt a great read, I didn't imagine though that a child would love it so much.
 Me encanto mas que la pelicula la forma descriptiva de cada pagina cada detalle las voces que hace carlos ponce con los diferentes matices todo es perfecto escuche este audiolibro en un dia
 Love this book!
 Love the animations! Great watching on IPad
 Completed my collection of Harry Potter books, and was in Wonderful condition.
 The Harry Potter books never cease to amaze you. Not only did we reconnect with some of our favorites this time, we got to meet new charecters amdearn more about the wizard of world. J. K. Rowling never fails to make me feel that sense of relief and at peace when reading her books.
 This is a really good way to experience the world of harry potter
 Reading to my kids and they love it.
 The artwork of every one of these leaves me speechless. The book jacket was delivered FLAWLESS.
 Nice book
 The illustrations are beautiful. My four year old gets really engrossed in this copy!
 Some sequels are never quite as good as the originals.  This series of books, however, gets better and better.  During his third year at Hogwarts,  Harry must deal with the fact that an escaped prisoner is out to get him.  Will Harry be safe within the walls of Hogwarts? This book was an  entertaining read and kept me on the edge of my seat, even as an adult  reading it (you'll hear the same thing from the kids).  Believe me when I  say that we are all awaiting Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts School of  Witchcraft and Wizardry.
 There are not enough adjetives to adequately even begindescribe what is so wonderful about this book. I laughed, I cried, Ibecame part of all that is that magical world called Hogwarts. I should be embarrassed to admit that I am thirty eight and think these are about the best darn books ever written but hey let's just throw pride by the wayside......I LOVE HARRY POTTER!  There is only one disappointing aspect of the book and that is that there are only going to be seven! I hope by then Ms. Rowling has conjured up another hero to sate our appetite for her wonderful storys and our longing to extend our childhood, even if only for a few hours or days, while reading her books. Thanks JK Rowling for giving me that gift this past weekend while begame lost in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. It was positively enchanting.
 I love the book very much...it came with a little stain nothing much..there are not much pictures in the book. There are also little scratches. For the side of the book the colors are navy blue and bronze to stay true to the book Series
 Fun read! Item as described!
 The events that took place at the end of Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts, along with the events that unfold in his fifth year, make Harry a very angry person in this book. Fed up with being talked about his back and being accused as a liar, Harry spends a lot of this book being angry and lonely and losing his temper. He flies off the handle seemingly every other page in the first half of the book. It seems he has an uncontrollable temper, a lot of suppressed rage and bottled-up anger. He seems to have lost all sense of self-preservation and he seems intent on going around bad-tempered all the time making enemies and getting in trouble on a regular basis. He hates being whispered about, but he keeps giving people reasons to whisper. I got tired of reading about his constant unhappiness and his continual temper tantrums. It was overkill.<br/>This book was a bit too long. It's not until 200 pages into the book that the students even arrive at Hogwarts. A lot of that first 200 pages is devoted to the description of cleaning the old Black house. One good part about the pre-Hogwarts story was that it was interesting to finally read about the offices of the Ministry of Magic. But on the whole, Rowling starts trying to create too many subplots in this book. And as usual, everything tries to get explained all in the last 20 pages, but there were a lot of questions left unanswered.<br/>After five books, we find FINALLY find out at the end of this book the reasons why Harry is forced to spend his summers with the Dursley's. However, the explanation contradicts the fact that Harry had to be followed, guarded and protected during the first part of the summer, while he was still at the Dursley's. There were lots of other unanswered questions as well. What were the parchments that Bill and Mr. Weasley were looking at after the first Order of the Phoenix meeting that took place upon Harry's arrival? Why was the time and location of the hearing changed at the last minute and who changed it? Why did they have a full trial in the old courtroom? Why did Fudge seem flustered that Dumbledore managed to show up at the trial? What exactly was Umbridge's motivation for wreaking such havoc at Hogwarts? Why was Umbridge going to allow the Slytherin team to reform but not the Gryffindor team? What were the brains in the tank all about, and all the other strange stuff in the Department of Mysteries? What was with the veiled archway? Luna's "explanation" didn't really explain anything about what was behind that veil. And where did the person who fell through that veil end up going?<br/>But the book wasn't all bad, not by any means. Despite the problems I had with it, I still found it more enjoyable than not. The focus of the story is Dumbledore's and Harry's efforts to convince the wizarding community that Harry is telling the truth about the return of Voldemort. There are new revelations about Harry's past and some ominous warnings about his future. Despite the overall gloomy mood of the novel, there are some fun parts. The awkward relations between Cho and Harry are highly entertaining. I wish there had been more of that. Ron's reaction to Ginny having a boyfriend is quite amusing. There some interesting new characters in this book. Dolores Umbridge is the Ministry of Magic employee who takes over the Defense of the Dark Arts position and makes enemies out of nearly everyone she meets. She is convincingly hateful, sickeningly sweet and maddeningly irritating. An awful woman. My favorite new character is Tonks, who is only seen briefly at the beginning and end of the book, but who is hilarious nonetheless.<br/>I liked this book. It's not as good as the first four and there are too many ominous and dark parts for my taste, but I still enjoyed reading it. I do miss the lighthearted fun of learning about the magical world, though. For once, Harry thankfully doesn't end up in the hospital wing at the end of the book, but that doesn't change the fact that this book has a thoroughly depressing ending. It's one of the worst endings to a book that I've ever read.
 love the illustration. plan on getting the entire set.
 Exceeds Expectations. Artwork is superb, an excellent gift for Harry Potter aficionados.
 Completing my set of HP books.
 8 year old wanted to start reading Harry Potter, so  I got it for her. She seems to like it!
 Just perfect
 I am exasperatingly amazed!  By far, this is the most exciting of the Harry Potter books.  The books starts with a wonderfully entertaining Quidditch World Cup match, complete with enchanting cheerleaders who  mesmerize you into pulling for the other team.  Then a near disaster with  the Dursley's, as Dudley finally gets his come-uppance.  Speaking of  come-uppance, Malfoy is finally put in his place when he is turned into a  -- well, you'll have to read to find out.  With dragons, merpeople, a giant  squid, dementors, and Blast Ended Skrewts, this book is definitely worth  your time.  READ IT NOW!  Beware, though, of the poison penned Rita and a  very violent ending when Harry is face to face with You-Know-Who.  The  twists and turns in this book will keep you up at night...maybe several  nights.  Read with caution, you never know who may be lurking, and if those  you see are their true selves.  Danger lurks...be prepared...CONSTANT  VIGILANCE!
 Small print and no illustrations.
 I'm 32 years old and originally bought these books for my infant son, thinking (with all the hype going on) this might be cute to read to him at night. We started with one chapter a night, but after the first two nights I couldn't wait any longer and read it all the way through.  Then I got my husband to read them.  We loved it and were hooked!  J.K. Rowling has a wonderful writing style that both children and adults can enjoy.  The children characters are easy to relate with at any age.  A great book for parents and children to enjoy TOGETHER!
 I love Harry Potter books
 Gift
 I love the adventure these books take you on. So much detail but not so much it takes to long to imagine it. Thanks for the wonderful stories!
 this completes my friends set, in hard back, and she loves them all! Thank You
 Fun book!
 If you don't like Harry Potter you can get right out of here.
 My wife couldn't get over how beautiful the illustrations are. She's been a HP fan since the books came out and was so excited when she learned they were finally doing an illustrated version.
 "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" is much thicker than the previous HP books.  Once again J.K. Rowling takes her magical series of tales in a darker direction.  However, do not be mistaken.  There is plenty of light touches and twists and turns to keep the intrest of teenagers.  Early on, we are treated to a professional quidditch match, followed by a touch of evil.  Harry gets back to school again, then the competition for the Triwizard cup begins.  The competition is quite exciting.  And, the ending of the story is breathtaking.  Meanwhile, we meet Mad Eye Moody and Rita Skeeter and continue to bumb into characters such as Snape.  Also, Harry begins to notice that girls are interesting.<br/><br/>For me, the series picked itself up to a higher level, again.<br/><br/>I recommend this book.
 Must-have for Harry Potter fans!
 My grandchildren enjoying reading these books.  They wanted the books for themselves.
 I originally ordered the set of books for my children after hearing the rave reviews since "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" started flying off the shelves.  Unfortunately the books continued to be put to the wayside due to homework and busy schedules.  I am an avid reader of medical mystery and horror thrillers, so reluctantly I picked up this book convinced that it would never live up to the hype as portrayed by the media.  Boy was I wrong.  This was truly a remarkable story that lives up to the highest ranking reviews.  I am now reading the third volume and the stories keep getting better with each page.  J.K. Rowling is brilliant!
 Wonderful book
 I love the Harry Potter series!
 Already have the regular version of this book, but this version is worth it because the pictures enhance the story,
 This was a gift. She said it was a great book, but too sad.
 Love this book
 What more could one possibly say about Harry Potter and J. K. Rowling?  The books are delightful, pure entertainment for intelligent children and adults.  That alone is remarkable.  If anyone sees evil in Harry Potter, that person has a serious personality flaw in my view.  We read fiction for fun, for the magic of it, no matter how intellectual we may get in describing a work.  If it ain't fun, if it doesn't transport us, then it ain't worth it.  Harry Potter is fun.<br/>I hesitate to add that the latest installment is perhaps a bit too long by some 200 pages.  A good editor could have fixed that easily.  It took too long to get to Hogwarts, where I long to be.  I tolerate the other places.  Other than that, I loved it.
 Love it.
 Excellent! The original illustrated version was beautiful but adding motion made it feel like a wizard book. No more still muggle illustrations for me!
 When I first saw Harry Potter in the book stores, I didn't know what the fuss was about. It went on for a few months when I decided to pick up the book and read the first few pages of the story. I was hooked on the book.<br/>I bought all four books that same day. Later, I learned that my 10 year old cousin Anthony was crazy about Harry Potter books. We have chatted about the future stories concerning Harry Potter and wondering what the movie that is to come out in a few weeks would be like.<br/>This book and series is not just for kids but for adults too.
 Good condition
 What Harry Potter fan doesn’t re-read the books? This is an excellent way to dive back in to Hogwarts. The illustrations and animations are incredible!
 5 stars for a fantastic first novel and first of a series that is in total, five stars.  Great story line and very well written.  Thank you ms rowling.
 Great grandkids like to have this book read to them by me and my wife!
 Liked price.
 Great, beautiful book, for a collection
 Such a beautiful book! The illustrations are incredible ❤️
 HP fans
 BOUGHT ALL THREE SETS FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER SHE WAS THRILLED.
 As an eighteen year-old, I'm a little older than Harry Potter's original target audience. Yet I, like millions of others, was caught up in the vivid world which J.K. Rowling creates. The first three books of the series are  all good, light-hearted fun, enchanting to all ages. This book takes a new  turn, displaying the versatility with which J.K. Rowling writes. From the  first pages, you can tell that Harry is older, bringing all the evolution  of character and world-view that comes with it. When we are younger, we  blind ourselves to some of the ugliness in the world. Yet that very  ugliness adds depth to and highlights the beauty and goodness in life. In  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, we see the evidence of this in the  characters and the storyline. It is darker, yes, but in the sense that it  is more realistic in portraying He-Who-Must-Not-Be Named as the true  incarnation of evil he is. It adds new depths and ranges to an already  thrilling story, without overwhelming the inherent humor and light. This  book is the most complex yet, leaving us with a lot to muse over during the  long wait for book five.
 This book is beautifully illustrated.  It is a quality volume.
 One might think that after 4 books J.J Rowling would run out of ideas to subject her famous creation to. One might think the well has run dry.... you would think wrong.<br/>Harrys fifth year is filled with wonderful friendships and terrible secrets. He must fight against the very world that he loves so much, and risk everything for what he believes. A new teacher enters Hogwarts and tests Harrys patience to the breaking point.<br/>Despite the weight of the book, I found it to be a light and entertaining read, one which I flew through with no difficulty at all. I would recommend it to any Potter fan.
 This book (and the rest of the series) was exactly what I was expecting. The illustrations on the cover of this black &amp; white edition of the Harry Potter series is beautiful!
 My daughter was thrilled.<br/>This is her favorite book in the series.
 Though the first 400 pages are a little wordy, they were really a necessary set-up for the second half of the book.  And boy did things really pick up then.  Ms. Rowling (don't know her new married name) has manage to get inside of the mind of Harry and his psyche is now an open window to us- much more open than ever before.  She has developed some really great story lines for the next two books and I really can't wait to purchase those.  I hope the next one doesn't take as long to get written published and distributed although I do understand the writing process is not always easy.  I started reading Saturday evening and once I reached that 400-page benchmark, I was not able to put the book down until nearly 4am Monday morning knowing I had to be to work at 8:30am!  Great book!  Good Job Ms. Rowling!  Keep in mind though, that there are some heavy subjects in this book, more than in the 4th one w/ Cedric's death so please use parental discretion.
 I love having U.K. Scholastic editions as well as my US editions.<br/>Most importantly, Prisoner of Azkaban has a whole sentence that is different in the original UK edition.  I read that the US editors wanted it changed.  I'm so glad I have the original.
 ...Spoiler warning... but you know that.<br/><br/>On first reading, I thought this book was the best in the series, and my opinion persisted as <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Order-of-the-Phoenix/dp/0439358078/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Order of the Phoenix</a> and <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Half-Blood-Prince/dp/0439785960/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Half-Blood Prince</a> were issued. On rereading "Goblet" in preparation for the movie, however, I was somewhat less impressed and have found the third installment, <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Prisoner-of-Azkaban/dp/043965548X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Prisoner of Azkaban</a>, to be more enduring. The primary reasons for this change in assessment applies equally to the movie and the book -- namely, the apparently unnecessary complexity of plot to deliver Harry up to Voldemort and the "deus ex machina" that saves Harry from him (again!).<br/><br/>In retrospect, it seems that Voldemort's servant stationed at Hogwarts could have easily created an occasion early on to deliver Harry up to his master, and consequently the intricacies of the plot seem not just unnecessary but quite inefficient and simply foolish. Why wait so long and risk discovery with a wizard as keen as Dumbledore around? If Potter is so important to the schemes of Voldemort, why risk his life by entering him in the tourney? Why not just say, "Potter, please bring me that book," and badda-bing badda-boom, graveyard.<br/><br/>Once we get to the graveyard, Harry has to confront Voldemort, but he is saved from certain doom only by a fluke for which we were utterly unprepared: Potter and Voldemort's wands have the same core and don't properly work against each other. (Of course, one could attribute this to a providential higher power or something because the "wand chooses the wizard", as the wand salesman told Harry in <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Sorcerer-s-Stone/dp/B001I1PW3K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sorcerer's Stone</a>, and the higher power could be seen as preparing Harry to overcome Voldemort. This seems rather far-fetched in Rowling's world, however. In the movie, the explanation for the "deus ex machina" that saves Potter is glossed over altogether with an utterance by Dumbledore in Latin that only confuses those who haven't read the book.)<br/><br/>Similarly weak plot devices have saved Harry before: his mother's love made it unexpectedly impossible for Quirrel/Voldemort to touch him at the end of "Sorcerer's Stone", and the phoenix and sword drop from nowhere in <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Chamber-of-Secrets/dp/0439554896/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Chamber of Secrets</a> to enable Harry to overcome the basilisk. For this reason, these books, while somewhat engaging, do not have a lasting appeal and must be deemed mediocre. "Azkaban" escapes this pattern of unsatisfactory resolution since the time turner plays a role throughout the book, even though it is only revealed at the end. Unfortunately, "Goblet" resumes the trend of the first two books in some respects. "Order of the Phoenix" is a far less compelling read, but at least it does not suffer from a "deus ex machina" (even though reinforcements do show up).
 No complaints, here. Great book. Well written. hard to put down
 Very good book
 Another great book that continues the adventures of our favorite gang of young people in a crazy world of wizards. This series allow parents and grandparents to relate to what they are reading to our religious teachings. As this is a classic tail of good versus evil.
 The best part of being a child is reading to your children.  Far superior to the accomplished cenimatic efforts.  Excellsior.
 Awesome illustrations! Perfect keepsake for Harry Potter fans.
 The illustrations are great!
 missing pages. i had to print about 50 pages in the library :(
 When the Harry Potter series first came out I vowed I would not jump on the Harry-bandwagon and read these books with my son's. When my middle son was diagnosed with dyslexia, my stance changed to anything that would get him to read, I was willing to try.<br/><br/>After watching the movies, he fell in love with Harry and wanted to read. I was ecstatic and together we cuddled up on the couch and entered the amazing world of Hogwarts! The book draws you in from the very first page. You can't help but want to see what happens next. Each chapter introduces you to new characters, spells, intrigue, danger, and adventure. The story is non-stop action, a page-turner.  The worst part of the book, is getting to the last page. It is also the best as you know there are more books to come.<br/><br/>I now have a voracious reader in the house that is reading above grade level. I would recommend these to anyone who has a child who hates to read and needs something to hold their attention. I have recommended this book to hundreds of students who were once reluctant to read and now they can't put down books. My one problem is what to read after the series is completed.
 We already know from the first book that Harry is going to encounter a scary, dangerous situation while at Hogwarts - and it is all about him. (Cue Voldemort and his minions.) Each subsequent book in the series brings additional characters into the life of Harry Potter. And with them come more knowledge, more mystery and more story lines.<br/><br/>The fourth book of the series doesn't start out with Harry. Instead, we get a glimpse of the life of the Riddles - all who mysteriously die in the night of no determined cause. But each had a "look of terror on his or her face" and the long-time gardener overhears a plotting conversation and Harry awakes with his scar hurting. Oh boy.<br/><br/>"Difference of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open."<br/><br/>Harry is looking forward to the end of his summer and the Quidditch World Cup, between Ireland and Bulgaria. Mr. Weasley has scored the best seats in the house for the Weasley clan and Ron's two friends. However, Harry takes note of some odd things Ron's older brother Percy (now working at the Ministry of Magic) says about some peculiarities at the Ministry, as well as some other abnormal things about two heads of Ministry departments, Crouch and Bagman, and the odd disappearance of  Ministry woman in the last known location of You-Know-Who. Although the Quidditch match is quite rousing, something goes horribly wrong...<br/><br/>Death Eaters (Voldemort's strongest supporters, cloaked and hooded) are storming the place seeking Muggle blood - and Harry, Ron and Hermione are in the wrong place at the wrong time when Voldemort's Dark Mark is cast into the sky. Ministry officials are overwhelmingly suspicious of Harry, Ron and Hermione, until they find Crouch's house-elf Winky standing in the spot where the Dark Mark was cast...with Harry's wand! Crouch immediately dismisses the terrified Winky, but raises the question in everyone's mind: Why did Crouch send Winky to save him a seat in the Top Box, where the Weasleys, Harry, Hermione, the Malfoys and other Ministry officials were seated, if he wasn't going to show up for the Quidditch match? Harry knows he has to tell Sirius, still in hiding.<br/><br/>Harry and Ron learn before setting off for Hogwarts that there won't be any Quidditch matches or a Cup to be won - something quite different will be happening this school year. At the feast, Dumbledore explains all: a Triwizard Tournament! A friendly competition between the three largest European schools of wizardry: Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang in which in the past the death toll mounted so high that the tournament was discontinued. YIKES!<br/><br/>The tournament has been restricted to wizards age seventeen and older so that unprepared wizards are not at risk. It will be judged by the three headmasters of the competing schools, as well as a few other objective judges including Crouch. One representative from each school (Hogwarts, Beauxbatons and Durmstrang) will be selected by the Goblet of Fire to be the "champion" of their school and compete in three tasks. Yet...Harry's name is chosen as the fourth competitor! And he must compete - it's the rules! No one believes him that he didn't submit his name, and it sets a huge rift between Harry and Ron. A lot of anger lies between them, and Hermione is trying to bring them back together. Meanwhile, the whole school is angry at him, taunting him with ridiculous lies from a reporter's article, flashing POTTER STINKS buttons. Everyone's turned on Harry, and he's definitely got the feeling of being and outcast. Sirius and the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, Moody, are on alert: someone put Harry's name in the Goblet of Fire - because they want him dead!<br/><br/>Hogwarts gets a new, but rather old, Professor for Defense Against the Dark Arts. Indeed, "Mad-Eye" Moody is quite qualified: he used to work at the Ministry as an Auror (a Dark wizard catcher). Snape avoids Mad-Eye (as well as Drumstrang's headmaster). He goes against Ministry restrictions for teaching: he wants students to be prepared for danger, and teaches students how to recognize the three Unforgivable Curses (one of which killed Harry's parents), and how to combat them. And he also highly embarrasses Malfoy in quite a humorous way. He is obviously Harry's secret champion, a fresh delight in the quite ugly and nastiness that is Snape.<br/><br/>They get a weird vibe from Durmstrang's headmaster, Karkaroff. They're on even higher alert when Karkaroff bursts into the dungeon during a Potions lesson. Harry fiddles and spills things to stay and overhear their conversation, with Karkaroff showing Snape something in great fear, who shushes him. And Harry finds Crouch himself ransacking Snape's office from his magical map, which he hands over to Moody. If Crouch is so sick, as the Ministry and Percy Weasley are insisting, why is he sneaking into Hogwarts? Things are not adding up....<br/><br/>Hermione helps arrange for Harry to meet Sirius in late November in the Gryffindor common room. And boy does Sirius have a lot to say! He shares some scary information about Karkaroff, connecting him to Voldemort, and perhaps the reason Dumbledore wanted an Auror at Hogwarts...to keep Harry safe. Sirius is very strict in asking Harry to notify him of any strange happenings, which actually happens quite frequently.<br/><br/>Harry and Ron do make up; being boys, they leave things unsaid but Harry is more mindful of Ron and his feelings. The gang work together to help Harry complete the last two tasks. Harry gets in the good graces of Beauxbatons champion Fleur, and Karkaroff, is continually unfair in his judging marks for Harry's tasks.<br/><br/>All the while, Hermione is hellbent on advocating for house-elves, who are basically slaves. But they're delighted about their work, which Hermione doesn't understand. Dobby and Mr. Crouch's formerly employed Winky come to work at Hogwarts, and Winky reveals that Crouch has some rather dark secrets. Winky upholds that she won't reveal them, and insists that Mr. Bagman is a bad man....but toward the end of the book we find out that Bagman and Crouch are kind of enemies and exactly what kind of secrets Winky has been keeping.<br/><br/>During Voldemort's powerful time, Crouch was an avid prosecutor of his supporters - he was definitely on a manhunt. Harry gets the full experience of Crouch coldly sending his only child, his only son, to Azkaban without a trial, without an explanation as to how he got swept into the Dark Arts. Some insisted he was at the wrong place at the wrong time, which even Harry has been accused of...and which a young Bagman was also accused of. But his popularity as an England Quidditch player roused sympathy and support, which eliminated his connection with Voldemort. Crouch was none too happy that his peers let Bagman walk free. Indeed, throughout the entire book, play goes back and forth between Bagman and Crouch making readers think one is connected with Voldemort, who we learn some interesting information about. Harry also finds out who some of the other Death Eaters are, and is very surprised to find one of them is a professor at Hogwarts!<br/><br/>During the final task, Harry saves Cedric's butt a couple of times...and they find that Durmstrang's champion is not what he seems. Harry is badly hurt, and he and Cedric make a monumental decision as to the outcome of the winning champion. And what they get is not at all what they expected, as Harry comes face to face with Voldemort again. And this time Voldemort's out for blood - Harry's - and death.<br/><br/>The ending is QUITE twisted - readers will definitely be thrown for a loop as all comes together and is explained. It is quite a lot, but brings Sirius to Harry's side...and dually he reveals himself to Mrs. Weasley and Snape. Snape and Sirius unceremoniously agree to disagree over their tangled past at Dumbledore's urging, and to help Harry and the wizarding world.<br/><br/>Dumbledore sends Snape off on a covert task, that will be revealed in a later book. Sirius is sent to rally "the old gang." Mr. Weasley is called upon to reach out to contacts in the Ministry who won't turn a blind eye to the fact that Voldemort is back - and many within the Ministry who were cleared so many years ago are indeed still supporting the murderous Dark Lord.<br/><br/>One thing of great note that's different from the other books so far is that readers get more exposure to Harry's inner thoughts - he wants to enter the Triwizard Tournament, he wants to cast an Unforgivable Curse on Snape, etc. This is probably due in large part to the volatile amount of anger Harry has, especially toward Ron, and feeling as if everyone at Hogwarts hates him.<br/><br/>Also of important note is the growing crush of Hermione and Ron. Ron is extremely jealous of Hermoine, how she spends her time and who she spends it with. It will be interesting to see if this continues throughout the series or if Hermione decides she's had enough of Ron's oafish ways.<br/><br/>Of the series so far, I think I enjoyed this book the most. It was quite a bit longer, but I loved the entire idea wrapped up in this book - Rowling did some thorough planning and dropped hints at just the right times. If you've never read the Harry Potter series, I highly encourage you to do so. It is truly an enjoyable (and easy) read.<br/><br/>Check out what Harry, Ron and Hermione will run into in the next book, <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Harry-Potter-And-The-Order-Of-The-Phoenix/dp/0439358078">Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix</a>.
 Great book. Good condition.
 Came in great condition
 Love it
 My daughter accidentally damaged the book we borrowed from the library, this was a great replacement.
 Beautiful illustrations.  A must for any fan.
 My actual rating is 4 1/2 stars because I had several problems with the book.  One minor problem was that it's been so long since I've read any of the other books, I forgot most of the characters and events that happened in them.  But a pro is that during the end of the book, we find out more new information than all the other books combined (my opinion).  Another con is that most people know that J. K. Rowling already said that someone she thinks is a main character, dies.  This person IS a main character, and I could've picked about fifty other people who could've died and the book would've been beter.  Unlike some people, I like when the books are long.  When the books come out years apart, I don't want to be able to finish one in two days.  Also, for the people who really enjoy the Quiditch part of these books, there won't be mutch of that.  Like one person already said, reading this book does make you depressed sometimes.  Things just keep getting worse and worse.  But overall, I think this book is the best one in the series.  You learn so much about the Harry Potter storyline and all the characters.  If you want to know a little sneak peak, you get see Harry's father when  he was 15.  This is really interesting.
 Awesome book
 Absolutely love it!
 As promised, this new outing to Harry Potter's wizard-Britain is darker than the previous books in this series.  Harry is having to deal with grief and loss and guilt, far more than he ever has before.<br/>Quite a few new characters are introduced, and we say goodbye to a very much-liked-in-the-fandom character.  Some of the new people are likable (including a very original girl from Ravenclaw House) but the most prominent new character has a personality like Nurse Ratched in _One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest._<br/>A worthy return to the Wizard World, overall.
 Gave to grandson for bday
 I have read all of the harry Potter books and have enjoyed them all. However, after I finished reading "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" I was left felling like it was not done. It felt as though there  had been something lacking from the story. I was expecting something more  from the very hyped book. After all the interviews, letters and articles I  was expecting something drastic to happen. Yes one thing drastic happened  but all the books have been leading up to that and it was not a surprise. I  think that while the book is very good the hype made my experience reading  it less enjoy able. Still it's the 4th book so you have just got to read  it.
 Perfect for Crafts
 My son love it! Thank you for the quick delivery
 This was a gift. She said it was her favorite so far.
 beautiful book. Love the illistration
 Love the illustrations..=) Great book!
 What a talented and gifted writer the authur is<br/> I'm going to immediately start the next book this afyernoon or evening.
 Gift for my grand-daughter for Christmas. She was happy. I am happy.
 I've read the books but now can listen while driving. Makes trips fly by.
 I love this book!!
 I'm posting a review of the ACTUAL product, not the illustrated version that for some reason is on this page.  This is supposed to be the collectors edition of The Philosopher's Stone (Ravenclaw).  Basically the book is the unedited UK version with some trivia and games placed in at the back and front.  If you buy Ravenclaw, then the trivia and games are supposed to be Ravenclaw themed.  Instead, this really is just Pottermore extras slapped together at the back of the book.  If you're a true Potterhead, the only reason you're buying this is because of the Hogwarts House gimmick...so you ALREADY know the Pottermore things posted here.  The book is the same size as the US paper back version, even if it's hardcover, so it's not even a match for any of the hardcovers you already have.  The quizzes and games are so simplistic that even a casual fan can master them.  The trivia is basic... you know who Luna Lovegood is and you learn NOTHING new.  Overall, this is a cheap money grab.  Even still, if you're in the US and want to read the UK version and have been having trouble getting a hold of one, this will work.  It's relatively cheap and lets you read "motorbike" instead of "motorcycle"
 Not to say that I'm not a muggle but I just think that who ever has the nerve to come in here and just dish on Harry Potter gots to go get that book and read it before they pass judgement.  In my 21 years of life,  I have never found a book so out there that makes me feel, "Gosh, I wish I was at Hogwarts too, and that Harry is soooooooooooooooooo cool".  I had read all the 4 books in one month because I can't stop wondering what going to happen next.  I use to wonder why on earh is everyone over Harry Potter, and now I know why.  Harry Potter and The Fire of Goblet, is wonderful, I felt that I was there, and every time Potter thinks that he is being watch, I kept thinking He knows that I'm looking at him.  This book as all the unimaginable plot that makes you what on earh is going on. But if makes you heart beat faster and faster, because you want to know who's doing what.  I feel in love with Potter the first time i got these books for my sibling.  They insist that I buy I for them.  I really didn't bother at first, but after having nothing to do and waiting to go back to school I picked it upd was amazed at it for the display it had and names it provides.  I don't understand how people who are so called christans and God believers felt that a book like Harry Potter can do anything to their children.  What rubbish, and it makes me just want to send them in the book and see how scared they be if they encounter a big giant, ghost, witches, warlocks, and the famous villians in the book.  They got to understnad that in Harry Potter can only brighten their day as well as their lives.  Right now all i'm waithing for is the 5th book that is out next year.  Which i think is a bummer, I was hoping it comes out today or something.  AAAAAhhhh Muggles we can never really understand that we just have to sit back and wait.  ahhh yeah, If i'm 21 and find this book to be the moster fabulous book on  earth, imagin children when they read this.:)
 Ok. book  It dragged on quite a bit until  it picked<br/><br/>I don't think I will read the second<br/>I
 love the Harry Potter Movies love the books
 Quick shipping, less cumbersome than the hardcover.
 What an exquisitely beautiful edition of this classic. Please follow up with the full set in this luxurious style.
 Love it
 Two grandsons got these for Christmas this year.
 great books
 Let's just see.  Like many Potter fans all over the world, I am in love with fantasy.  My interests are fantasy books, anime and manga.  I, of course, LOVE Harry Potter in a fanatical way.  So that this doesn't turn into a profile of me -_- I'll start the review.  Book IV didn't disappoint me!  It was riveting and I spent the whole day reading it.  This is Harry Potter's biggest adventure so far!  Read it, and I highly recommend Sabriel and Lirael by Garth Nix and the His Dark Materials trilogy by Philip Pullman.  Gbye!  ~Usagi-Bunny
 The illustrations in these books are well done and contribute well to the story.
 Great quality and beautiful illustrations. Only drawback is the weight. Lol. My son insisted on taking it to school to read during downtimes. He may need physical therapy after carrying it around in his backpack. ;)
 Great for Spanish students
 Great price on this audio book. Getting hard to find.
 At the beginning of "Order of the Phoenix", Harry Potter has survived his second encounter with Lord Voldemort, but no one seems to want to believe that the Dark Lord has returned. Harry finds himself largely isolated in the wizarding community and even at Hogwarts. Fortunately, best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger are there to buck up Harry. A crackdown on the actual practice of magic leads Harry to form a secret group of students for training in self-defense. Their practice is none too soon; Lord Voldemort and his minions will engineer another encounter, with deadly consequences...<br/><br/>The tone of "Order of the Phoenix" is noticeably darker than its predecessors. The shadow of "He who cannot be named" has even the adults at Hogwarts frightened now, and Harry has a harder time discerning his allies. On the plus side, the kids have grown into teenagers, and there is a lot of fun in that. Harry has his first date, and that goes about as well as might be expected for anyone.  Fortunately, two other females in Harry's life will be there to explain things.  Also on the plus side, Harry and his friends find some new and interesting allies. Centaurs, thestrals, and giants, anyone?  This story is highly recommended to fans of the series as good fun and excellent entertainment.
 Beautifully illustrated book!!  A must for the bookshelf of all Harry Potter fans.
 My son reading now
 Perfect for 8-10tr olds love the photos and size!
 Jim Dale is amazing!  One of the best sudiobooks i have heard!
 Very good, but you may want to get a hardback copy. This book has nearly 1,000 pages, and my first paperback version split in half, because the binding couldn’t support it.
 Absolutely beautiful, the illustrations are lovely!
 My favorite book
 Also, a gift for my grand-daughter for Christmas. Happy, Happy.
 While I haven't yet listened to the sixth Harry Potter book read by Jim Dale, I am very impressed with his reading of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. In fact, it was just hearing a portion of this audio version of the book which prompted me to pick up the book series two years ago.<br/><br/>Many people say that audio books shouldn't be purchased because you listen to them only once and then they are useless. With the Harry Potter series read by Jim Dale, I completely disagree. I have a 40 minute commute and will listen to the books over and over again, and my delight in the stories and in Dale's reading has not diminished yet.
 It's Harry Potter! What more do you need to know? Amazing books!
 It was in excellent condition. I bought for a gift, they loved it.
 Great book!
 The illustrations on this book are amazing!! My niece is enjoying reading this book with mom!
 Just what my granddaughter needed for school !
 Looks great
 I hope you enjoy this book as much as I did.  It's the best book in the series, better than Prizoner of Azkaban.  I was angry with &amp; at Harry.  I laughed out loud.  I cried for the last 30 pages.  It was a reminder of what it was like to be 15 but under extraordinary circumstances.  I only hope that the 6th book doesn't take as long as this one to reach the stores.  I can't wait for it.  I also hope that Ms. Rowling doesn't cash in on this series &amp; keep writing about Harry after his 7th year.  I think Harry &amp; the crew from Hogwarts fate is best left to the imagination.
 What a great ride.  As soon as my eagerly awaited package from Amazon.com arrived I immediately took the portkey to Hogwarts.  Book 5 was well worth the wait.  Many questions are answered and many more are left open for future books.  Harry, now a 15 year old with typical 15 year old problems, as well as a few atypical ones, sees his relationships with everyone he holds dear tested as well as seeing some of his beliefs about his family shown to be less then accurate.  In the end it is the power that comes from having true frineds that really makes the difference.  How long before Book 6?
 It seemed that the illustrations in this book were a bit rushed, and they were not nearly as good quality as the first two books. I hope book 4 is an improvement.
 It was a gift to add to her collection.
 Very good recording of an excellent book.
 We love all the illustrated Harry Potter books.  Transforming!
 This is not the best of the Harry Potter books, but it's still darn good.  Every Potter fan should waste no time in getting a copy, just don't read it as fast as I did as then you'll be back to the waiting game.  Waiting for book six that is.<br/>All of your favorite characters return, not all survive.  This is not the cheeriest book, but it does have it's moments of humour.  The Weasely boys are sure to be legends at Hogwarts for years to come :)<br/>This is a long book, and I wished it were even longer.  There is so much going on, that some characters and locations get only a brief mention.  We are left with a few unanswered questions as always, to set the stage for the next book.  (Just how well does Harry do on his O.W.L.'s)?<br/>Hopefully we don't have to wait quite so long for our next fix.<br/>Daryl W. Clemens
 Gift for my Granddaughter she loved it
 Just great. Actually the first book I purchased. I am very much pleased.
 An amazing read!
 great
 excellent product highly recommended
 I am an adult, an RN, and a mom. I have read &amp; enjoyed all of the Harry Potter books. However, I must say I enjoyed them much more in listening to them on tape, in my car during commutes to work,  because Jim Dale is such an excellent reader.  He does all the voices, male and female, young and old, and several different British accents.  He truly makes the books and their characters come alive.  Can't recommend highly enough listening to all the Potter books on tape or CD, even if you have read them. Would be great for long trips in the car with kids, as well.
 daughter loves it
 Great book. Good  condition.
 Awesome series! Must read for everyone!
 Love this book!
 It’s a book
 Can't put 'em down!
 my grandson loved it
 This book (and the rest of the series) was exactly what I was expecting. The illustrations on the cover of this black &amp; white edition of the Harry Potter series is beautiful!
 I bought this for my little sister. She already has the hardcover edition but this illustrated edition pictures added a new dimension of wonder for her. She adores it.
 To me, this is the book in the series that really opens up for adults. I'm over 35, below average education. While you must read the whole series to really get it, this is the spot where Harry Potter sinks his claws into people of all ages. The first books are excellent also, but they seem aimed at a younger audience. Maybe as low as five. It's almost like the series that has a book for each year of Harry's life starting at 10. It's like each year of Harry's life, is also a good age for the reader. Like year 1, is for ten year olds, year 4, fourteen years old. IMO, this book in the series grabs everyone. Fourteen and up get hooked, while five year olds can still enjoy the Harry Potter world. You still need to read the whole series in order, but if you find year one too silly, just keep reading. Hold out for this one. It will all become worth the wait. This is a series you can read over and over. Adults may not read the first couple over, but the rest they will many times.<br/>There is too much to post about each book so I'm just posting my overall rateing here.
 Great
 I have read the complete series several times and probably Will severAl more. I love  💘 Harry Potter so much
 It’s a beautifully render of the book. I love it.
 as expected
 I received the book in great condition, all pages included, brand new. Highly satisfied.
 My daughter loves it when we read this to her.
 Good copy. Nothing was damaged when received.
 Great book!  Sturdy paperback delivered on time, as usual, by Amazon.
 Beautiful book with awesome illustrations
 No sabia que los libros en espanol de diferentes regiones tienen espanol diferentes. Este libro tiene espanol de Espania, y es dificil de entender todo, pero de todos otras maneras esta bien.
 It's a Harry Potter book so, of course it's awesome!
 I'm ordered this book for my granddaughter she was very pleased with it
 I really got into the series when book 3 came out and I LOVED them! I thought J. K. Rowling did an excellent job of taking ordinary ideas and twisting them into wonderful works of fiction. But in the years that I waited for 4 and 5 to come out, I've read a lot of books that have stood the test of time, and I am beginning to realize just how much Rowling has borrowed from other works.  I still really enjoyed book 4 but book 5 seemed uninspired.<br/>I felt the tone of the author was much different than in the previous books. The character development was weak and too predictable. It seemed that the author was rushing even though the book itself was dragging along painfully slow.  This book seemed more like a draft that needed to be worked with to get the story to crystallize into a well-crafted and clearly thought out story. The quality of the writing was certainly not what I have come to expect from Rowling.<br/>I hope Rowling has not exhausted her supply of tales she has been drawing on to create this series.  I also hope that becoming a multimillionaire, writing screenplays, marriage, and adding to her family will not distract her from finishing this series with 2 superb books.  If book 6 is as bad as 5 was, I may not read book 7 - even though I was a rabid fan not that long ago.
 My daughter love it
 Love this book and the photos are beautiful. I would highly recommend
 Great quality and delivery
 My copy says Philosophers stone! HA! It is awesome!
 Beautiful illustrations to accompany an amazing story
 OK, here we go:  Unlike the four previous harry potter books, the first three especially, there is a lot of action right at the start, even before hogwarts.  This is by far the longest and best book, as there is a lot of action, a lot of plotting, a lot of laughs, and a lot of mystery.  You might think that the book is trying to be too many things at once, but it's not.  It has a perfect blend of all good aspects of a book.  You'll love it!
 Book as described. Fast delivery. Thank you!
 Welcome to Hogwarts!  This is the first of the HP series written in Gaelic.  May only be of interest to people who read or want to learn the Irish language but kind of cool if you want to compare to the English version.
 Beautiful book. Couldn’t be happier
 Perfect companion on long car trips - or on the daily commute. Harry Potter still rules!
 True to her hints, Rowling has written a much darker novel this time.  The Order of the Phoenix signals a change in Harry and his life.  He is older, but not necessarily wiser, and is a very typical teenager.  Rather than write about a teen who is bypassed by puberty and all of the attendant woes, Rowling has chosen to confront girls, fame, anger, and the fact that Harry is starting to realize much more fully who he is and what he has to confront.  While the overall tone of the book is dark, there are some very funny moments and Rowling is at the top of her form.  And, Harry is not the only one who grows.  More than the previous four books, this one works with an ensemble cast.  In addition, Harry's actions have much more far-reaching consequences.  Harry and his friends are coming into their own and we are priviledged to be able to watch them.
 Love Harry Potter.  Great story and the narrator was great.
 what's not to love?! Harry potter and illustrations... I'm dying for the next one to come out!
 Much more side information than from the movie. As usual, details are the heart of any book and this one is packed.
 I seriously think this is the best of the series.  Rowling takes us from one thing to another very gracefully.  A lot of things happen and the plot thickens many times, but I think it flows better than book 4.  Many funny things happen making me wonder how people can call this the darkest of all the HP series. I think #4 was darker with the weird death eaters. Rowling does a great job of expanding the existing characters and other "creatures" from the previous books. This is good against evil, coming if age, mystery all wrapped up in one great book.
 I was very late to the Harry Potter rush.  When I had initially heard about the "little kids books" involving Harry Potter, I thought Potter was the author.  Only once the movie came out did I start reading the books.  I literally couldn't put them down.  I read all 4 books in about 3 weeks total.  I'm now reading them aloud to my 4 1/2 year old, who of couse doesn't get it all, but loves them anyway.<br/>Trust me, these books are absolutely fantastic!  As long as you're between the ages of 4 and 114, you will love them!
 A great read and a great series of book. Well written and perfect for kids and adults alike.<br/>Treat yourself and your kids.
 Great book but It’s Falling apart :(
 My wife loves Harry Potter so this was a must have. Book is wonderful and the illustrations and colors are vibrant. Great for any Harry Potter fan.
 This is the book that started it all!  By now you've seen the film.  I finally got around to reading this cleverly packaged fast paced fantasy.  The next time you see Owls flitting about you,  stop and listen.  Perhaps you are being summoned to the next meeting of the Hogwarts.  The book approaches familiar themes of injustice to  fragile, vulnerable children by transforming them into  gifted beings.  A little "divine intervention" keeps the action sparkling, crisp and "rights" a lot of "wrongs".If you liked both this book and the film, make sure you see "SHREK".  It is another action filled fantasy.
 great gift
 The plot here is the weakest of the entire series.  The baseline "life at Hogwarts" stuff is still fun, but the rest is a bit forced.  As the central book of the series, though, it can almost be taken as a metaphor for the series itself:<br/><br/>The 3 tasks of the Triwizard tournament are effectively a recapitulation of the first 3 books.  However, in those books Dumbledore was the one pulling the strings and making sure everything worked out.  Here Voldemort is doing the string-pulling, though we don't find that out until the final pages.  That reveal is when the world of the series changes from a place where a happy safe ending is guaranteed to something more dangerous and real.  It is also a bit of foreshadowing towards book 7 when we understand that even Dumbledore doesn't necessarily have a happy ending in mind for Harry.
 Order of the Phoenix was my least favorite movie so I am pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed the book! Can’t wait to start the next one
 I enjoyed reading the book very much, but I felt that things fell apart toward the end.  The climactic battle was pretty dull, the "death of an important character" was not really emotionally moving, and the plot just didn't seem to tie together in a satisfying way.  In particular, there were a number of things that I was expecting to happen which didn't: Shouldn't Neville have confronted his parent's killer at some point?  Shouldn't Fudge have gotten sacked?  Shouldn't Harry have used the two-way mirror to contact Sirius?  I don't know, I just felt kind of let-down by the ending, and it wasn't because of the "death of an important character."
 It was a lovely book and definitely was loved by my 4.5 yr old. A wonderful way to introduce her to the wonderful world of Harry Potter!
 ...but I had to prop it up!  :-)  I'm not 9 to 12 years old, so the 752pp didn't faze me a bit; but I doubt that the Harry Potter juggernaut will be the least bit slowed by the lengthy challenge of Book Four: The Goblet of  Fire.  What an epic!  Book Four of Seven is the middle of Harry's  adventures, and it did not disappoint.  The development of the long-term  characters, including deeper exploration of the dynamics between Harry, Ron  and Hermione, was fabulous.  The dual approach to the threat of Lord  Voldemort - his current activities, and the historical revelations dating  to Harry's infancy - were well entwined.  But the hero himself, Harry  Potter, age 14, remains the piece de resistance of the series.  He  continues to be an affable, frustrated, complex and complicated teenager -  in short, a normal one, for all his possession of Invisibility Cloaks and  Magic Wands.  J.K. Rowlings, don't make me wait too long for Book Five - or  Six or Seven for that matter!  (And amazon.com, thanks for upgrading the  shipping so I could read it without delay!)
 Too expensive in my opinion... but of course the book is great.  This audio version is good...
 My only complaint is that there aren't enough illustrations.
 I'm not done reading this book but I found it easy reading during a long plane flight I took recently. I found it interesting to read about the differences between the book and the movies.
 Reading a true children's book gives the impression of safety. You know nothing irreversible will happen to the main characters. You do not read it to find out IF they will make everything all right in the end but HOW. This is what I felt reading the first four Harry Potter books, but Order of the Phoenix is different, more dangerous. The actions the characters take have definite consequences, although Rowling softens those consequences somewhat in the end (for me, this was the book's biggest downfall).<br/>Still, the story was so intense that all 800 pages were readable in a single night. Harry's emotions have been stirred up fantastically in this book and I ended up feeling many of them along with him. He is now prone to righteous anger and even violent fits of rage, which cause me to wonder if he will not become vulnerable to darkness in upcoming books.<br/>The tale of Harry Potter is becoming truly epic. If Rowling continues this trend of adding more tragedy, depth and darkness with each book, by the end of the series the story will be comparable to episodes 4, 5 &amp; 6 of Star Wars.
 I was aware of some of the controversy surrounding this series and so decided to read it to my children myself, rather then letting my 8 and 10 year old read it alone.  I am very glad I did.  The story is captivatng from the start, and we all enjoyed it thouroughly.<br/>We took plenty of pauses and breaks to let the storyline sink in, stopping to discuss what was happening and why, and what we thought might happen next.  My kids loved the challenge, and I liked watching them mentally engaged,their minds working.  No one was bored. The storyline is fairly complex, with many characters and subplots.<br/>I strongly suggest this book be read as a family.  We can't wait to start the next.
 It was never boring. Easy and quick to read. Kept your attention. Makes me want to read the second book and watch the movie.
 These audiobooks read by Jim Dale are the best audiobooks that I've ever heard.  Jim Dale's talents using various voices gives the impression of listening to a movie with various actors.  You can just lie back close your eyes and experience the story.<br/><br/>I had previously bought the cassette tapes which wore out. I'm now having to purchase the CD's so I can share with my 4th grader.  He likes the audiobooks better than the movies...more details. He follows the story along in the books since these are unabridged.<br/><br/>Warning - if you buy this book, you will be addicted and have to purchase the other 6.  The audiobooks just get better and better and Jim Dale brings his talents to each book.
 Can’t wait to get started on reading this with my son!
 I started to read this after lunch and its after 11:00 pm. I could not stop until I had read it completly through on all 850 pages. Its a good read. Its worth it all. Can't wait until the next one to see what happens next. Will not spoil it for you, but its got heart, depth, imagination, a more mature Harry, and a more complete tapestry that unites even the earlier books. I have no higher praise than saying, its a good read and worth it all. I preordered my edition in January. Amazon got it to me this weekend on time.  Its worth it.
 What a wonderful addition to my collection. I can’t wait for the rest!
 I read this book as a child, and I am loving getting to read it again with all the beautiful illustrations.
 Good read
 The illustrations really bring the well-loved story to life! I love the drawing style; it’s very much a solid representation of what I imagined in my mind as I read the series for the first time. Must have for an avid fan!
 It arrived appropriately.
 This is our favorite so far!
 I know the story but it's great hearing it again.
 I am leaning Japanese, so this was hard but it let me see what i'm learning with some good context and I love the harry potter series
 a gift for my daughter....she loved it
 Harry Potter and his friends are growing up and facing increasing challenges, not the least of which include the mysteries of a girl's mind.  The issues are darker and far more political. Friendships are a bit rockier and there are more secrets.  Harry finds out more about adults in his life - they are imperfect and make mistakes.  Once again, J.K, Rowling has written a tight, fast moving story, rich in detail and characterizations, with enough mystery and suspense to make it difficult to put down despite its 870 pages and 38 chapters.
 I am 27 yrs of age, and I along with many other adults are fascinated with the books of Harry Potter.. Of all of the books in the series this one by far is the best!This book was very hard to put down, and never a dull moment for being almost 900 pages..But don't let that deter anyone from reading this because so much happens and you will become so enthralled that you won't even realize how long it is.I was soo disappointed when I finished with the book because I just wanted to keep reading more and more into the world of Hogwards and Harry Potter.
 I had read all four of the Harry Potter books before and, on a whim, I picked up the fourth book on audio cd.  I was just curious to see how the reader (Jim Dale) interpretted the book.  To my immense surprise and pleasure, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Jim Dale brings life to every aspect of the story.  I have since gone back and bought the other three books on audio cd and listened to them also.  The first one isn't as good as the other three (he is still discovering all the voices).  I would recommend to everyone to pick up the audio cd's for books 2, 3 and 4.  I have already pre-order book five (in both hardback and audio cd).  Just something about listening to a riveting tale while driving in my car to and from work.
 Item as advertised, good product.
 My son blew through the story in a day and loved the pictures that went along with it.
 It is darker,but there is not a single word you would excise in 870 pages. JKR takes us into the heart of a 15-year-old boy as well as the struggle between good and evil. There are terrific set pieces-- studying for finals; Hermoine's rich emotional development; a fairly ghastly first date for Harry; and the death of someone Harry -- and we -- have come to love. Marvel at JKR's texture and brilliance in taking this beloved saga to the next level. I am sure there will be hundreds of reviews here soon, but by all means, read it and revel.
 Well, if most readers have gotten to this point in the series and have read the first two books, I don't think they need much convincing or assistance from any review to know that this one is as good, if not even  better than the others.  There aren't many books on the bestseller lists  today that are truly feel-good-happy-type reads, but Harry Potter is  definitely one of them.  It is so wonderful to just sit down and read a fun  story for once, so, to all the other Muggles, if you haven't joined the  Potter craze yet, please do so :)
 My husband and I are in our forties, and we LOVED listening to the first Harry Potter on audiotape, read by Jim Dale (a British actor). He did an incredible job, keeping all the characters quite individual and  recognizable. We look forward to hearing all the books. I want to own the  books in the print version, but I've heard so much about differences in the  British and American versions that I don't know if it changes the content.  I might want the originals - but I don't know enough to make a decision.
 It a great book
 Jim Dale's "reading" on the CD version of Phoenix turns this thick book into a virtuoso piece of one-man theater (would that he would tackle War and Peace or Moby Dick). Dale brings an experienced stage-actor's pacing, emotional inflections and, most incredibly, various vocal characterizations and (British) accents for dozens upon dozens of different characters. Even the most gifted "amateur" reader would be hard put to match this prodigious effort. The climactic fight near the end of the book, if anything, is easier to follow and far more exciting with Dale's pacing and delivery that a mere reading of the printed pages.<br/><br/>Encouraged by this success I also listened to Dale's performance of the next installment (#6, Half Blood Prince) where his acting gifts make Harry's faults more vivid than the printed version (Potter is, by now in Dale's interpretation, definitely not your unblemished do-gooder) and intensify to an almost unbearable degree the final chapters of the book. In the cave scene especially, Dale's performance brings out, to a disturbing extent, the agony and sadism inherent in the plot.<br/><br/>All these discs, transferred to a iPod or other personal player, will make for many delighted hours in the presence of a voice-acting master.
 I have read and reread this book any times, but each and every time it never ceases to entertain me. JK Rowling’s writing is suburb, but you all know that. And if you don’t? Well, I recommend starting with Book 1, The Sorcerer’s Stone. See you soon!
 GREAT BOOK ! I couldn't put it down. I read the entire book in less than one day. You really should read Books 1,2, and 3 first though. It will make more sense that way. I love the characters and the plot. I'm a technology  teacher and I've encouraged other teachers to use this book ( and the first  three) as part of their language arts courses. I have a 4 month old  daughter and I can't wait for her to be old enough so I can read the whole  series to her ! Some people say this is a children's book ~ not so !  Children of any age will enjoy these magical tales of wizards, witches and  scary creatures. Read the Goblet of Fire ~ it's so good you won't want to  put it down.
 Great book. Comes well packaged, decent price.  Get it!
 Fantastic series!!!!
 Great job with the illustrations. I loved the 2nd look, since I since I only have the devil version of this book.
 I'm a huge Harry Potter book fan, and if you've read and enjoyed HP 1-3, then you'll love this one.  As always, Rowling does an amazing job of creating an engaging, magical world (pun intended), and I love the character development that happens in this volume as Harry, Ron, and Hermione deal with the issues of growing up, as well as fighting evil.<br/><br/>However, in terms of premise, this is the weakest of the 7 books.  Rowling has sacrificed a plot that makes sense for a twist ending, which is disappointing.  Sort of a "really? THAT was Voldemort's master plan??" moment, where if you think about the premise, it doesn't really make sense.  (Pardon me for being vague, but I'm trying not to spoil anything here...)<br/><br/>But, having said that, the novel does a much better job than the movie in unraveling the story, making it more of a mystery, which is awesome.<br/><br/>It is exciting, edge-of-your-seat thrills, fun, moving (yes, I cried), and an absolute must-read if you loved the first three novels in the series.
 It was very well protected while shipped and so far from what I have heard of it the quality is excellent.  Thank you.
 Harry doesn't seem to understand how to follow the rules, does he.  It just seems that he always breaks the rules, either by accident of beacuse he thinks its the only way to accomplish his goals.<br/>I'm glad about the tension between Ron and Hermione, it just seems a good counterpoint to everything revolving around Harry.<br/>what else is there to say?  if you like them you're gone this far in the series and if not, then you probably gave up a while ago so whats the point of my trying to convince you to read on?  your loss!!!!!
 This book really takes you on an adventure. I’m not much of a reader and never seen the movies but this book has captivated me. The way the author portrays the characters and their endeveors makes you feel like you’re there. It was a brilliant way to start the series, I can not wait to get further in.
 kids love but too expensive
 I started working in the daycare system when I was seventeen years old. When I was nineteen, I started working with elementary age children on a daily basis. I get them off their buses and entertain them, while they entertain me. When you're around kids this much, you learn what they like, and they scream Harry Potter quite loudly. Late in 2002, I ordered "The Sorcerer's Stone" off Amazon just to see what all the buzz was about.<br/><br/>I had a broken foot at the time, so I had some free time on my hands. I literally read this book cover to cover in nine hours. I could NOT put it down. This book is so well written, that the young and young at heart will enjoy it emmencely. JK Rowling can write in the voice of a child and the voices of adults. She captures the essence of a child in the voices of her main characters, Harry, Hermione and Ron but can still write menacing characters like Professor Snape and Voldemort with the same pen... or perhaps it's a quill.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to all elementary school children and all adults who love good literature. Parents should read this book with their kids... it just might give them something to talk about at the dinner table.
 Made wonderful gifts.
 This book is action packed from cover to cover. I was unable to put it down!!
 exactly as described
 Me encanta
 Can’t go wrong with Harry Potter.
 My second favorite Harry Potter book! Great read!
 Good condition. loved the Harry Potter series!
 Good product , recommended
 good
 I don't know how she does it, but J.K. Rowling is a true witch with her words. Harry Potter Book 5 is yet another amazing tale, with a plot so exciting nothign can match it. Even from the beginning, Rowling is sure to put a sence of adventure in this book. AND, we finally get SO many questions about Potter answered.<br/>However good the plot, descriptive details, etc, Rowling does make two mistakes. Oneshe wastes too mcuh time teling Harry's thoughts when unnesscary, and she kills off the wrong charactor. (If you want to find out who, read the book!)
 Well, I've finally finished it and can re-enter the world again!  The fifth installment of the Harry Potter series is definitely good, but not my favorite (that prize still goes to Book #4).  As is Harry, the book series is maturing.  This one dwells on Harry's adolescence, which Muggles will be relieved to learn is as difficult for Wizards and Witches as for themselves.  Harry experiences so much trauma and self doubt, though, that after a while it's hard to read.  What I prized most in the earlier books was his reliance on his friends, and the lesson that loyalty and honesty are valuable traits.  It's not so clear in this one.  Harry doubts everything and everyone, all the time.  His outbursts, while understandable, grow old after a while.  He spends a great deal of this book shouting at anyone who will listen.  Ron and Hermione take a lot of abuse in this installment.  (and honestly, every boy should have a friend like Hermione to translate when encountering girls!)  Yes, all of this is part of growing up, and really was understandable, I guess I just wish the angst had been a little less overwhelming.  One of the better parts of this book is an even larger view of the Wizard world, with forays into the Ministry of Magic, a wizard house right in London, and more glimpses into the Weasley family life.  Of course it has a killer fight at the end (no pun intended!) and even though he reveals imperfection, I'm more in love with Dumbledore than ever.  The story seems to be setting up the next two, so I still can't wait to read them.  I just hope Harry has matured (mellowed?) even more, as the books seem to do with each progressive installment.
 This book was beautiful, it’s the perfect bridge into wizarding for my 6 year old.
 Nice quality book, Beautiful illustrations.
 for my kids into Hogwarts. They're 7 and I made them wait until I got the illustrated versions to begin our journey to Platform 9 3/4 together and none of us were disappointed.
 Less pictures than the first 2, but still an awesome edition with great art
 I love these books
 I bought this set for my adult daughter, who, like me, didn't get into Harry Potter until recently.  I enjoyed the whole series so much I wanted to share it with her, so I bought the first three books for her.  I wanted to get the original British versions and found this set through the Small Business Bookstore on Amazon.  I have used this store for other purchases and always find they exceed my expectations.<br/>  Reading these books really is like being in a different world.  I'm reading them for the 2nd time now and it's like visiting an old friend.  Whenever I want to relax and make a brief getaway, I simply pick up one of the books and head off to Hogwarts with Harry, Ron and Hermione.  I have really enjoyed the books so much more than the movies because the books really fill out the characters and show us more of their lives and I understood better what they are going through and why they make the decisions they do. I think the books do better by Ron than the movies do. I really found myself drawn to Professor Lupin.  If you are not hooked after the first, you will definitely be hooked by the Prisoner of Azkaban.  The books seem to grow with the children and become deeper and more thoughtful. A thoroughly enjoyable series.
 I confess.  I have an 11 year old granddaughter, but I would have read the Harry Potter books anyway!  I am well-educated, with an A.B. and J.D.  Really good children's books are not limited by age. The 3d book in the  Harry Potter series is by far the best---and the other two are excellent.  They are for all ages, not just the young.  You should discuss the ethical  issues with your children/grandchildren.  The stories captivate both young  and old.  (Okay, middle-aged.)
 Read it. Now
 Beautiful illustrations in a Harry Potter favorite.
 Love this whole series!
 Very good book. I read it with my 11 year old daughter. She is hooked on the series.
 got as a gift and my friend loved it!  beautiful illustrations.
 As advertised
 Excellent, love the illustrations. Great quality
 It's a great book
 I love how some of the pictures move.  It makes for a more magical and immersive read.  Even for a not so grown up like me.
 The newest installment to the Potter institution is a much more serious and adult venture than any of the previous novels, as may be immediately evident by its greater length.  The protagonist's adventures have a much  less trivial tone, as he is forced to confront issues far too difficult for  many juvenile readers to comprehend without assistance.  This is not,  however, detrimental to the series, as it appears to be taking a turn in a  more epic dimension which will be greatly appreciated by an older audience.  Rowlings demomstrates a much more polished technical skill, here, too,  employing a vocabulary that will seem in some places impossible to young  readers but beneficial to a complicated plot.  Rowling herself cannot help  poking fun at some of the attention her book has received, (i.e., an  annoying newsreporter named Rita Skeeter with a habit of twisting words to  suit her own purpose), but the effect is a book with many more dimensions  and fully formed characters.  In essence, this book appears to be a  watershed, for the series is now diverging from its original audience, and  hints at an even darker sequal.  My one complaint would be the rather slow  beginning, which seems to serve very little purpose in terms of the general  plot, save to fulfill the necessary Quiddich quota for the novel.
 I bought this to go with my foreign edition collection of HP books, and I absolutely love this book! I've loved learning a new language while reading this book.
 GOOD, easy read. Movi ng on to next book. ITS a a Harry Potter  book, what more can I say!
 Gift for my grandson. He loved it.
 the illustrations are unquestionably beautiful and, just like the previous two books, continue to engage my seven year old as i lead her into the magic of harry potter!
 Classic. Classic. Classic.
 Works well! No issues!
 My 4th read and still a great thrill.  Amazing how much oh the smaller interwoven stories within the story I've forgotten wine I last read the series years ago.
 Love this book for my 5 year old at bedtime. Worth every penny. Beautiful book
 It was a gift
 great
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire definitely lives up Harry's (and J.K. Rowling's) name.  While it is a tad slow in starting, the book is unflagging in its adventure, suspense, and mystery.  My one critisim:  Rowling does less with details and the day-to-day life of Hogwarts  students.  I guess this would become boring now that we're familiar with  the setting, but I found it hard to believe that an entire school year had  passed for Harry when I reached the end of the book.  Readers beware,  however: if you thought there was suspense after book 3, and a rush for  book 4, then book 5 is going to create a stampede.  The 4th installment  does to the Harry Potter Series what The Empire Strikes Back did to Star  Wars.  It presents a great triumph, yet this triumph is dimmed by grim  defeat.  I almost wish that I had not completed this book in the six hours  it took me, because now I have another long year of anxious waiting ahead  of me.
 I was pleased with this book.  There are some wonderful twists.  As usual, Rowling's writing is such that it is interesting and easy to follow.  Rowling furthers the plot, while ending the book in the usual tidy fashion, leaving the reading only with the quetion of "Well, what is going to happen next?"  Even though her longest to date in the series, the book was so good it went by in just under a day.  It captivated me.  I leaves me wanting for book 6.  Obviously, it's a must have for those following the series.
 👍
 Beautifully illustrated.  Great for getting my 6 and 4 year old interesting in reading more difficult books.
 Amazing!! I didn’t how quickly I would run through books once I started reading them, so I ordered in the middle of reading chamber of secrets. I was reading the last page of chamber of secrets when my door bell rang for this book arriving! Truely magical! Thank you!
 In the fourth of the increasingly lengthy Harry Potter books, Rowling gives us a global twist. With thrilling action beginning at the Quidditch World cup, and continuing during the dangerous Triwizard Tournament, we at  last get to see a bit of the wizarding world beyond the walls of Hogwarts.  The view is not a dissappointment.  You-Know-Who is back, and more evil  then ever-keeping readers on the edge of their seats through all 734 (!)  pages. Our favorite characters are growing up, and the romance quotant,  though low-key, adds a new spark as well. Expect to find some interresting  information about everyone's favorite groundkeeper, and a certain escaped  convict will return to be part of the action. The book is a turning point  in the series, and for Harry Potter, the excitement, the danger, and the  stakes have never been higher.
 This book is excellent and lives up to Rowling's reputation as a writer.  Harry is so angry in this book but it is in line with the emotions and termoil that teenagers normally go through at this age.  Add that to all the other things with Voldermort, Deatheaters, and Dumbledore put him through and it makes for one explosive Harry.  The story also is hilarious at some points but very heart breaking at others.  I laughed, got very angry myself (with the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher) and cried throughout this book.  Harry needed to grow and learn about life and his past and this book fulfilled all that.
 Great buy.
 Bought this for my niece and she loves it.
 This product would receive a full 5-star rating - Jim Dale is an extremely gifted reader and brings J.K. Rowling's engaging stories to life in a way different from either the written word or the blockbuster movies - except that, in the series of around 20 CDs, there are a few CDs that skip and/or stick.<br/><br/>I suppose in the world of high-speed mass production, this is bound to happen occasionally.  And I imagine that CDs are still better than cassettes as they rarely get caught in a player, unlike tapes that wear and stretch.  Still, when you're sailing along, listening to a wonderfully executed performance and you are suddenly dropped back into the world of faulty technology, it's a little off-putting.<br/><br/>POINT OF CURIOSITY: Between recording Book 4 and Book 5, Mr. Dale changed his pronounciation of "VOLDEMORT."  In Book 4, He Who Must Not Be Named's name rhymes with "Baltimore," but in Book 5 (and beyond) we hear the final "t" pronounced quite clearly.
 Loved it!
 We have all of the big illustrated Harry Potter books that have been published so far. Not as many illustrations in this one, but still an essential part of our collection.
 Was given as gift
 This fourth installment in the awesome Harry Potter Series marks the start of a much darker tone, yet it is perhaps my favorite of the series to day. It also is the last of the series that I am quite familiar with in movie form--so I am quite looking forward to reading books five, six, and seven since I am less familiar with all that happens in them.<br/><br/>This novel is so well written--the entire world created by Rowling is by far one of the best I've ever immersed myself in, and this is the first novel in the series to actually make me cry. While the others are extremely well written, I feel as if the first two novels are much lighter a fluffy, though they hold their own evils; they are in no way like this fourth novel, following the deaths of many, one of which is a very awesome character we've learned to love. Even the third novel, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, with it's escaped prisoner on the prowl and dementors attempting to suck the life out of wizards and witches alike, didn't feel nearly as dark or foreboding as this.<br/><br/>Opening with a murder, death eaters terrorizing muggles, and then the advent of deadly games, this novel is the first to put a darker spin on these lovable MG/YA novels. And I love it. While I do love the first three novels, this one takes a fun world and makes it darker, adding real threats and testing the reader's emotions on a whole new level. It's superb.
 THANK YOU
 I was worried that with all the hype about the book that it would be a disappointment, but it definately was worth waiting for!!  I finished the book last night &amp; couldn't hardly put it down (Read it in 2 days).  It is much darker than the previous books and Harry is becoming a very, very angry boy.  He has had so much happen to him &amp; has seen so much.<br/>The new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher is an utter nightmare.  I have to say that I could pit her against Snape and I'm not sure who would win.  You learn a few interesting facts about Snape in this book also.<br/>I don't want to give too much away but I will say that knowing that someone was going to die made the whole book more suspenseful.  Too many people end up in perilous situations and you wonder, will it be this person?  I was on pins and needles through the whole second half of the book.  I was upset with who died, but I guess I can't have my way or none of the main characters would ever die.<br/>The book does end with a bang.  The whole end "fight" scene was amazing!!  We finally do learn a lot about the mysterious things in Harry's past.  Things make a lot more sense now about why things are happening to him.<br/>I have to encourage any Harry Potter fan to READ THIS BOOK!!!  If you haven't ever read Harry Potter I would suggest reading the first 4 books before this one.  It would help keep your facts straight.  It is a darker and sometimes more depressing book but I absolutely Loved It!!!
 Good condition--good quality
 Long awaited and maybe that was part of the problem, no book could have lived up to the hopes and dreams of waiting for 2 plus years. It was an easy read for a book of such girth and I did enjoy the fact that we learned more about the magical world like the ministry,The Black family tree and Harry's background. I not only read the hard cover but also listened to the audio and I could never give Jim Dale enough praise. He does an excellent job - makes you feel like instead of one person reading that an entire cast is in the room. I will of course be awaiting entry number 6 but I hope the wait is quite as long.
 good
 was a gift
 I read this book when it first came out many years ago and didn't finish it. It wasn't for me- i was YA. My grandson recently told me he hated reading- so I suggested we read a book together. I was apprehensive about choosing HP, but I figured maybe he would enjoy it, even If I didn't. I have to say, we are having the best time!  We started the series in February, and we read a chapter a night over Facetime. We are on Book 6 already and I am dreading finishing the series. I adore this book and admit to reading ahead after we finish our chapter. Harry and the crew are so likable, Rowling took her own Sorting Hat- filled it with monsters and fantastic creatures and manages to pop them into each book with delightful results. While I was afraid so of the plot was too dark for my eight year old- he seems not to be upset or scared. It has opened the doorway to our imagination and we are having a wonderful bonding experience.  The best thing to happen, was for my reading hating grandson to go up several levels of reading in school and insist we read together every night. It is not only my favorite activity, but his as well. Thank you J.K. Rowling!
 this was a gift and she loves it also
 J.K.Rowling has indeed made us wait long and hard for her fifth installment of the journey of Harry Potter.  I thank her for taking the time and attention to detail that makes Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix more than worth the wait.  Rowling's writing has matured as much as Harry himself.  I read the novel in a little more than 24 hours, and so much enjoyed her narrative, that I have already begun my second read.  Order of the Phoenix book is darker than the previous stories, and rightly so.  Harry is at such a volatile stage in his life, not only in his wizadry studies, but also in his journey into manhood.  Rowling takes such care with his emotions and his loss of innocence that one cannot feel anything but empathy for Harry.  So many questions are answered from the previous stories, and happily, more questions are raised.  I can't rave enough about the writing, the story, and the timing of this novel.<br/>J.K.Rowling must have read President Bush's "No Child Left Behind Act" while constructing the beurocratic blowhard, Professor Umbridge. She would have worked perfectly in today's high accoutability atmosphere of the new education act.  I can only hope the new education act shares the same fate as Umbridge.<br/>Thank you Ms. Rowling!!!
 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is my very favorite of the series. I have read it roughly... six time
 Bought as a gift... it's perfect
 Vary good read
 Perfect illustrations for a perfect story
 Perfect! Love the illustrations! Great for all ages!
 Great book!
 I will forgo the usual plot outline in deference to the wealth of information from other reviewers.  Yes the book is popular with younger readers - but this is not just a kid's book.  As an adult reader, I was surprised and pleased to be as drawn into the J.K. Rowling's world.  What an imagination!  And what a marverlous cast of characters.  Little wonder so many are so taken with the story and that they are so wildly popular.  A wonderful mental vacation - I highly recommend it.  Enjoy!
 Got it for my niece. I already know she'll love it. Always a great purchase.
 Great book
 Great book
 Great read.
 great book, beautiful design and good quality materials, makes a good gift
 a gift to a friend and she loves it
 Awesome art work. Great book.
 as described
 one of the better potter books
 Just as described.  Nice!
 Fun read. I’ve enjoyed the series thus far.
 Excellent read
 I've read this for the second time amazed by how much I didn't remember.  This book and the movie are very similar.  The beginning of this book sets up a reader needing to read more of it.  From the start I was a Harry Potter fan.  As Harry is introduced to the wizarding world I found myself wishing I was in Diagon Alley buying my magical school supplies preparing to head off to a whole new world.  Each character is drawn out to the readed nicely.  No reader, any age, would have trouble imagining this world and all the adventures Harry has.  This is defiantly a book I will read more than twice.
 just what I was looking for
 What can I say its HARRY POTTER. Beautifully illustrated a wonderful gift to give or receive!!!
 I love the new illustrated HP books!!
 Perfect!
 A very exciting story, a wonderful world
 The illustrations were beautiful before I found the Kindle edition, but Wow!<br/><br/>It really did feel like we had a taste of the magical paintings Rowling described when so many gorgeous pictures came to life! It was captivating. I’m excited to reread each of these with my daughters as the books come out.
 Great story!!
 great product
 Bought as a gift, they loved it
 Goblet of Fire (GoF) is drastically different from the first three Potter books in the maturity of both the characters and situations they fall into.  This book is the reality check of the Harry Potter series and it really shows how real Voldemort's character is.  There is also something to Trelawney's prophecy to Harry in book three -- a servant will return to his master... where exactly this leads the book, you are left to find out.  Tied with book 6 for my favorite, Goblet of Fire (GoF) begins to expose the level of connection of Harry and Voldemort.
 I had read and cherished each of the Harry Potter books as an adult, before I had children.  I looked forward to the day when I would have children whom I could introduce to Harry, Hermione and Ron.  When the time finally came, however, I couldn't get any of my children interested.  I tried hardcover, paperback... wheedling, coaxing...  I even refused to let them watch any of the movies unless they read the books first.  This version of the Sorcer's Stone, though, has done the trick.  The book is beautiful--hefty, solid, with heavy paper... And a red ribbon to save your page.  But the illustrations are the best part.  Really wonderful.  My third daughter, 9, is engrossed in the story--we are taking turns reading out loud and studying the pictures.  In fact, we've been so dedicated and enthralled that my 12 year old has also (finally!) taken an interest and is joining us when we read together.  Love this version! Definitely buying the second, hope they illustrate all of them in this style.
 Excellent children’s book. A little light for grownups but still enjoyable.
 I couldn't wait to get my hands on the fifth installment of the Harry Potter series. Finally, the Saturday came and I was anxiously waiting for the FedEx feller to come and deliver my package...anywho, when I started reading it, the book immediately seized me into the plot. It felt as if I was actually there. I was seeing everything out of my own perspective. Of course, all the other Harry Potter books did that.<br/><br/>I thought it started off rather interesting and the climax of the story was great. the Order of the Phoenix was filled with suspense, teary moment and more humor than in previous books. I have to admit, there were some parts in the book were I had misty eyes. Compared to the other 4 books, I would have to rank this under GoF because the fourth book was definitely my favorite. There were some minor disappointments, only because I had high-expectations when plunging into this book, but like I said, they were just minor setbacks (and i mean microscopical). Ex: there were some holes left unfilled by the end of the book. I think she might've forgotten to explain a few tiny things, but that's ok.<br/><br/>Overall this book was great. As i was reading along, I knew I wasn't going to be satisfied until I had completely finished the whole book. However in the end, I felt a tad bit empty...but I still can't wait until she releases the 6th book, which I hope will be very very soon. If you enjoyed this book as much as I did (which is a lot) you can count of wanting to read it more than once. I know I do.<br/> Until Harry turns 16...maybe we don't have to wait a few years for Ms.Rowling to finish...
 I am a huge fun of the entire Harry Potter series and this book was just beautiful to me. I love it so much! The art work is gorgeous!
 Perfect
 Bought the whole set of books for my 7 year old - he loved it.
 J.K. Rowling has done it again.  This a cleverly written addition to the Harry Potter series.  Harry has a "knack for attracting a lot of trouble", and also has the ability of  imaginative creativity to work  his way through a maze of traps.  The theme is conflict between good and  evil. Beautifully written.  Harry's mentor, a powerful good wizard of his  time prepares Harry for outwitting monsters in this dramatic, scary  adventure.  "It matters not what someone is born but what they grow to  be".  There is a timeless moral message here.  Good does triumph over  evil.  Intriguing for both children and Adults.
 I purchased this for my sons birthday in december 2017.  He just started reading it last week.  He noted the the chapters are out of order and repeating.  He is unable to finish reading the book!!
 I don’t know. Your sign in system would not accept my password and therefore I cannot get into the program to read the book!  And it has done the same thing to my wife’s password. It sucks!!!!
 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix picks up where Goblet of Fire left off:  Voldemort has returned and those in the wizarding world are divided among those who believe He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back, and those who don't. Most of the nearly 900 pages revolve around this plot and they fly by as the reader is brought into a world of magic, muggles, secret orders (good and evil), and friendship.<br/>The action, as in the other books, is fast paced and entertaining. Harry and company get into one adventure after another and all the old characters return. The intrigue builds gradually to the exciting climax that is the last 100 pages. The book is not as dark as Goblet was (the graveyard scene) but has an overall more tense, urgent feeling. Harry has seen death and has lost much of his innocence. The lightness of the previous books is all but gone.  And yes, as Rowling has revealed in interviews, Book 5 sees the death of a major character.<br/>The reader is given a lot of answers to pressing questions from previous books. (Dont' worry: I won't include any spoilers in this review.)  Why do some people become ghosts? Just how much does Snape hate Harry's father?  Why don't the Dursleys kick Harry out if they hate him so much?  And perhaps most pressing: WHY did Voldemort want baby Harry dead?<br/>We are left feeling that the final two books will be dark and intense: The last chapter is entitled, "The Second War Begins," and it gives an ominous prophecy about Harry's destiny. But we are also left anxiously awaiting books 6 and 7 to find out the fate of everyone's favorite Boy Who Lived....
 Grandkids love this book!
 This is a terrifically written and horrifically sad book. I'm not the first and I won't be the last to read it. And the succeeding books I'm sure are more sad. But it still draws me to finish.
 This is the best book I have ever read! I can't believe I'm just started reading these!!
 No writing in the book, no rips or missing pages.  It was in very good used condition and expected.
 The Harry Potter Fever didn't hit me until I saw the preview of the movie in TV.  After that I decided to read the books.  After finishing the first 3 books in a matter of weeks, it was time to hit the fourth and latest book in the series.  Upon reading the first few pages of the book, I was instantly brought back to the magical world of Harry Potter.  This time the book has a darker feel to it and rightful so since Voldemort is near his rebirth.  Not giving away too much there is a rare tournament happening in Hogwarths this year.  3 Schools of magic are competing for pride and bragging rights.  Will Harry be just another spectator or a competitor?
 J.K. Rowling has done it again, and the Harry Potter series has evolved brilliantly.  Anyone who has raised a teenager will recognize the moodiness Harry displays throughout.  He is growing up, and finding that it is not so easy.  The book may have started a bit slow, but it picked up steam nicely and answered many questions.  I look forward to the next book and hope to learn more about Harry's parents.
 Good book. Relaxing to read. This is still before the series gets too dark.
 none
 I bought this audio book for my great grand daughter. She just loved it.
 This is gorgeous! If you're a HP fan, or if you have someone who is a HP fan you need to buy a gift for, these books are amazing!
 Amazing artwork! So glad I decided to purchase this; perfect addition to any Harry Potter collection. Very pleased.
 good
 The fourth book in the Harry Potter series, this is the turning point in the saga.<br/><br/>Harry finds himself attending the Quidditch World Cup with the Weasleys and Hermione, happy to be away from the Dursleys.  While there, the Death Eaters make a return.  When Harry returns to Hogwarts, he finds that the historic Tri-Wizard tournament is going to be held at Hogwarts, and he is mysteriously entered.<br/><br/>J. K. Rowling continues the story with new, intriguing characters and breathtaking action.  As Harry grows older, the story becomes darker.  The story is one that cannot be put down.
 Item as described.
 Item as described.
 These illustrated versions are absolutely gorgeous!!  It makes reafing Harty Potter all the more wonderful.  Thanks!
 It's a great book
 As with prior novels, Rowling has successfully crafted a story reflecting Harry's age: currently, his struggles through adolescence. Rowling reduces the contrast in Harry's perception of his world, forcing him, and the reader, to see it in an ever-increasing range of grays. This is most pronounced in how the relationships mature, leading to some of the most wonderfully dramatic moments yet seen in the series as friendships and loyalties are tested and characters are suddenly seen in new, and often disillusioning, lights. Rowling delivers the reader to several new locales, each beautifully described and wonderfully imaginative, adding some appreciated variety. The book also wastes no time in placing the reader in the action and the lengthy 870 page journey, while perhaps a bit too tidy in the end, seems no longer than it should. Rowling delivers perhaps the most touching and honest volume in the series.
 Loved using the Kindle App to read this classic book to my child. The original illustrations came to life beautifully!
 I have always been a big fan of the Harry Potter series and to have the Ravenclaw edition of the first book is totally awesome. The book came in pristine condition.
 The illustrations by Jim Kay are magnificent. I look forward to getting every illustrated book in the series!
 Awesome!
 As an adult, who is reading the Harry Potter series for the first time. I'm wondering how it took me so long to come around. The characters are well developed, the stories are engaging, and they have all felt timely. My only regret is waiting to read them.
 One of my favorite books in the series. I have it in paperback and now the e-book.
 A great novel that I get something new out of every time I reread it. Goblet is action packed addition to the potterverse.
 Grandson loves it!
 Always a great read.
 I cannot rate any book in this series less than five stars, but I must confess to being somewhat disappointed with this book; not that it isn't superbly written -- it is -- but as it continues the pattern of the books getting somewhat darker as we get farther into the series, it was just a bit too depressing for my taste. I understand the reasoning behind the pattern, and appreciate the necessity of there being real losses to underscore the truly dire nature of the threat facing Harry &amp; company. But I don't have to like it, and I don't. It doesn't keep me from appreciating the story, but I miss the somewhat more triumphant nature of the triumphs in the earlier books.
 Loving the whole series so far...
 This book was super awesome! Lots of suspense and plot twists. Glad Harry finally got over Cho! It was about time! There is some tragedy. J K Rowling is such a great author.
 What a great series. I am sorry to she didn’t write more.
 Harry Potter's 5th book was a long awaited event for most of all his fans, but this book was... well.. not as good as espected. I won't say it hasn't anything going for it, as a matter of fact, I read it in one week. It's long though, but you keep glued to it. The new characters that Rowling introduces to us in this book are some what lame, except for Dolores Umbridge, a really nauseating and horrible person, who at some times, you even want to get inside Hogwarts and jinx her BAD! The writing style is a little weary, some times it goes on too long with out any excitement and it seems a bit dull, but some times it has too much excitement, I think that a mid point would've been better. Overall it's a good book, but some of it's highlignts (like the personality of Cho and her realtionship with Harry, the rude attitudes of Harry, and the uneventful death at the end) leave the reader much to be desired, I think that Rowling could've done better. Well... let's hope that the folowing books get better, 'cause the way the stroy is unfolding, I think that she has a lot of future material to write about, let's hope it doesn't turn out as average as this one. It's a good book, read it, you'll enjoy it, but don't espect too much. I still liked the other four books better. Anyway... at the end you keep wondering (as in all previous books) how are things going to turn out next, as now everyone in the wisarding world knows that Voldemort's back and strong as ever. Well I think we'll have to wait for book six and see...
 Christian opponents, worried parents and paranoid cult haters have all found reason to hate this series. I have a brief statement to make. I am a Christian and a parent of two young children. I believe that this book only impacts young people negatively, if the parents do not communicate with their children about what is fiction and what is not. I read the newspaper daily, and I don't believe in murder. If these books draw even one child into the glorious world of reading, then Ms. Rowling has done great things for society!!
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was one of the best books I've read in a LONG time.  Though its thickness (734 or so pages) might scare some people away, it was definatly worth the wait!  As soon as I get it I read  it from beginning to end for nine hours, with only breaks to eat.  I stayed  up till 3 am on July 9th!  Anyway, I liked it especially because it got  away from the normal routine of Harry's life.  The book opened in  midsummer, and Harry didn't immediatly go back to Hogwarts, he did some  other things first.  And the normal routine of Hogwarts life is interuppted  in mid October... But I won't spoil the plot.  As Harry and his friends  mature, the nature of the books mature.  Goblet of Fire is darker than the  preceding three, and though it has a happy ending, there is a death, and a  startling conclusion that will drastically change many many events in the  books to come.  I can't wait for Book Five, due out July 2001!
 So worth it.
 I was worried that I was not going to be able to relate cause of being older when reading this, but I was totally wrong thinking that. I was so drawn in and the adventure kept going. I'm excited about the other books.
 This is the first in a series of seven books.  It's a great start and a wonderful way to introduce the characters, the setting, and the conflict.  The next books in the series are better in that they start to more fully develop the characters, intensify the danger, and darken the conflict. I have read this book many, many times, including reading it in other languages, and I am well into my 30's. It's a nice way to lose yourself for a few hours into a fantasy world that you can just almost believe is real.
 Absolutely stunning illustrations! I adore it.
 Awesome read
 Our granddaughter loved the book
 childhood memories
 Was disappointed with this part of the story.  Didn’t dislike it, but was a sharp lull compared to the previous book.
 Since there are over 3,000 reviews on this book, I'll keep mine real short. I have read all of Rawlings' books and this one is just as good as the others. However, this book starts off on a darker tone than the others did ~~ Harry Potter is now 15 and is moody as most teenage boys that age are. But he still retains his sweetness and intergrity amidst all of the confusion that is happening at the Ministry of Magic and at Hogswart.<br/>This is an excellent follow-up to the other four books in the series ~~ and as usual, leaves you hungering for more of Harry Potter. I highly recommend this book to all adults and children ~~ there is nothing like a classic entertaining book about good vs. evil. This book is it...
 Great Read
 I wasn’t able to read the Harry Potter books when my youngest son was enjoying them but now, at 65, I think I am enjoying them more than he did. Very imaginative and entertaining. JK Rowling is a wonderful author.
 I couldn't wait to obtain my copy of Harry and the Goblet of Fire. Just as many Muggles, I had July 8th marked on my calendar. With each book I am more thrilled as I become part of the story, a wizard seeing the  possibilities ahead. Part of the fun of reading about Harry is that I can  pull together some of the pieces of the many puzzles that Rowling has set  for Harry to unravel. This truly helps me become a part of Harry's life. I  AM there at Hogwarts!  And it is this magic, plus the sense that we can  all be like Harry, face danger and fear and pull through wiser, with our  friends alongside, that has captivated my entire extended family, from 5-80  years old. The fact that we all love these books has allowed us all to  share a love of reading, across our ages.  I can't wait to our family  reunion later this month, when we can all share our disucssions of what  hints we've uncovered from the wonderful everyday web that Ropwling has  woven in all four books. I knew there was something special about Neville!  Who knew that there was a REASON Harry must stay with the Dursleys' each  summer!  Have fun reading about Harry.
 Amazing graphics and animation! You have to see for yourself!  A unique experience! Not much else to say other than it is totally worth the purchase!
 I enjoyed this! SP
 Full of all the familiar friends and introducing some new ones, this has the page-turning suspense and quirky details that have made the H.P. series a continuing success. Harry is 15 now, and has the concerns and reactions of a teenager. Often angry at adults,interested in yet confused by girls, and dealing with adult issues such as grief and loss, Rowling delivers a novel which is much more complex and adult in tone. An excellent book for an older reader, I would recommend that younger readers grow up with the previous books and read them at approximately the same age as Harry.Happy reading!
 Granddaughter is reading the series. She loves it!
 Good price, great delivery
 The book arrived promptly and in excellent condition. For those of you looking for practice material in Arabic that may be interested in the details, this text is not vowelled and appears to be translated into Modern Standard Arabic with some more colloquial expressions in the dialog. English names are spelled out phonetically in Arabic script and put in parentheses, which is amazingly helpful. A good buy, although due to the lack of vowelling (typical in Arabic texts), I would suggest not diving into this as a study tool unless you're pretty well on in your study of Arabic.
 I am fortunate that my parents taught me to love reading.  The Harry Potter series, while intended for children, had me so enraptured over the past week that I wish I was 11 again, just so I could talk to my friends  about it.  I was, and am, enchanted by the ordinary things made  extraordinary in this series and have found myself peering into the sky,  looking for my owl mail. If your kids like Harry Potter, try also Roald  Dahl, Madeline L'Engle and John Bellairs
 It took me way too long to get around to reading the book. I've been a fan of the movies for so long now, but the book is truly a different experience
 Great book! A Must-Read Book
 Beautiful book, fun to flip through and read
 The book is in excellent condition! Thank you!
 it is audible and Harry
 The book was everything we expected.
 Better than #4, better than #3, better than #2, almost as good as #1. Darker in tone, and more mature, but this is to be expected as both Harry and his readers are getting older. I couldn't put it down. Anyone who thinks the Harry Potter books are "kid stuff" will lose that misconception after they read this. I normally shy away from fads and popular series like I would from blast-ended skrewts, but these books are as good as they're made out to be, and this is one of the best. Read it!
 Brought for grand child she love it came quicker them I thought
 the corners of the book were completely smashed.
 Minute details bog down the first 112 pages of this most recent addition to the series.  It took me two weeks to read as far in the book.  Once Harry arrives at Hogwarts for his 5th year, the story takes off at a feverish pace.  Dolores Umbridge is perhaps the most hated character ever to be introduced in the series (perhaps even more than Volde... oops, He Who Must Not Be Named).  J.K. Rowling's literary style has matured along with Harry and I anxiously await number 6 in the series.
 My favorite of the HP books.
 I really enjoyed this book but I also felt that it was a very easy read so it's definitely a good read for a younger audience. But it can definitely be enjoyed at any age
 I love you his series and I love reading it on any of my devices! This book reveals so much the mystery of Harry Potter and the books tell a lot more of the happenings in the world than the movies did.
 How do you not give HP 5 stars? I bought this used, and the cover is certainly beaten up a bit, but it's HP, so 5 stars it is.
 I am a retired lawyer and I generally do not read fiction because I feel it is a waste of my time.  I read the first Harry Potter book because I had heard so much about it.  Now I am hooked on the series.  The books have many layers and each one seems better and more complex than the previous one  These books can be enjoyed at many levels so they are not just for the young.  To really "get" the movies, it is necessary to read the book first too.  I gave this book "only" four stars because I think book 4 will be even better.  I do recommend reading the series in order though starting with book 1.
 Finished this in about 6 days, and for me that was very fast.  Almost every chapter makes you want to keep reading.  This took about the same amount of time to read as the Goblet of Fire (Harry potter 4'th book).<br/>Being from "Across the POND", J.K. Rowling used a few expressions that people in the America's might not understand, especially younger kids.  This did not take away from the book though.<br/>The Vocabulary was advanced at times, with words I would never expect a 15 year old to know.<br/>To sum up the book, Almost everything Harry looks forward to at hogwarts gets taken away form him by the ministry of magic(who made harry out to be a Crazy Kid telling lies about the Dark Lord's return), he is now "mentally" connected with the Dark Lord(voldermort), and after facing Voldermort's followers(Death Eaters), he winds up with Dumbludor revealing the secret to Harry's Life and why he is so "special", something he never mentioned in the previous 4 books.<br/>As all this has been happening, harry has become Much More Short Tempered, and really gets temperamental at times.<br/>I myself thought the ending of the 4'th book was WAY DARKER then this book &lt;I actually cried at the ending of the 4'th book&gt;, but this book had more "semi-dark" aspects, still suitable for young kids though.<br/>Also, this book did not have that "twist ending", that the other 4 books had, this did not affect the book though In My Honest Opinion(IMHO).<br/>This is a must-read for anyone who likes things to do with magic or people who liked the previous 4 harry potter books.<br/>~Hope this helps
 This series is that rarest of events: children's books that enchant readers of all ages.  The plots are wonderfully conceived with plenty of twists and turns; the language is beautifully crafted showing a colorful  mastery of description; the characters are multi-dimensional, almost real  and quite believable; and the creatures...it's hard to find words to  describe how magnificent they are.  Containing enough detail, and never too  much, these books will be my gift to many of my friends this holiday  season.
 Great product
 Love love love! Although my little one is too young for this, i can’t wait until she is a bit older so i can read it to her every night!
 So I had a bit of a blonde moment when I ordered this product.  I was looking for Harry Potter options for my daughter's 11th Harry Potter birthday/party.  We purchased the US version as a Christmas gift, as I was scrolling through (to my defense I think it was late at night), I saw this and only paying attention to the cover saw it was different and was thinking I was ordering the second book (maybe it was released earlier in the UK since that is where this was coming from).  Obviously I was incorrect and this is the UK version (my own fault no issue in the listing).  I would not have normally ordered this however I am glad I oops'ed, my kids enjoyed seeing the slight difference of wording and since we are all Harry Potter fans there is no such thing as too many Harry Potter books in the house.<br/><br/>As with the US version, the illustrations are great.  My avid reader (who flew through the whole series) enjoyed reading these again and this format made my not as much of a book worm son more likely to tackle the series since it includes the illustrations.
 Trop long, trop lourd. Je ne sais pas pourquoi Rowling a écrit un tel roman pour les enfants! C'est une crime.
 The Harry potter books are the best books EVER they are so fun to read alone and with your family and friends. My hole family and I love these books they make you fell as if you are their. And they are a great book for most all ages!
 Please, everyone, read this book!!!! It's absolutely amazing how the author came up with this extraordinary book!!! Kids MUST read this by the age of eleven!
 Excellent!
 Book is missing pages 735-782
 Great book!
 Perfect Condition!! Adding to the collection.
 BeUtiful pictures! My 7 1/2 year old grandson loves it!
 If you have even thought about getting this book.....you should!!! You'll only have to decide hard or soft-cover.<br/>For anyone who likes or is interested in even the slightest bit of supernatural fiction, YOU WILL LOVE THIS BOOK. The author is brilliantly creative and the story-line is just perfect.<br/>I could hardly keep my hands off this book; I read this in two sittings which probably would have been just one if I haden't started late the first night.
 I really enjoyed the book!  I received the book yesterday (via amazon.com) and I tried my best to savor it...to let it last...but alas!  I kept turning the pages and before I knew it, I had finished the book!<br/>  Because it went so fast, you know that it is good!  Wonderfully written,  great moral lessons for children (such as the value of friendship, standing  up for what you think is right) and it hits close to home for what young  people in that age range experience (such as early heart pangs with respect  to dating).
 Very entertaining
 Great story but not illustrated nearly as much or as well as the last 2 books that Came out...
 She's done it again. I didn't think she'd be able to outdo herself - Prizoner of Azkaban and Goblet of Fire were extremely well done. But here, Rowling goes and gives us the Order of the Phoenix and demonstrates just how great of an author she is. With conspiracies and secrets and plenty of psychological angst (especially for Harry), after just having finished this 800 page book after recieving it Sunday, I'm afraid I'll find myself reading it again very soon. Well done, Rowling!
 Best book series ever!
 Not available in the U. S., and a must for any Ravenclaws.
 Everyone (children and adults) loves a great "good vs. evil" story.  I often think that something that everyone raves about just can't be as good as the say, but Harry Potter exceeds the reviews.<br/><br/>If you thought that the first three or all four were too much of children's books, give Phoenix a try.  This book is darker that the others.<br/><br/>The incredibly rich detail in all the Harry Potter novels is really the best aspect of the story.  JKR creates a whole world that readers can't forget about.  There many subplots, but JKR keeps them all straight.<br/><br/>I can't tell you how great all the books in this series are, you'll have to read them for yourself.  Harry Potter is the new Star Wars, the new Lord of the Rings.  It already is a legend.
 Love this illustrated version of one of my favorite books that my 7 year old daughter can truly enjoy. Even though it is heavier and larger, it is worth it!
 item in great condition
 Eh.<br/><br/>Don’t get me wrong. I wouldn’t want to give the wrong idea. This is Harry Potter – and thus a part of my FAVORITE series, ever. However, it’s probably my least favorite book (oddly, not my least favorite movie). There are a few reasons for this, the biggest one being that it came directly after Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone.<br/><br/>Book 1 was SO amazing, so entrancing, that I don’t know that there ever would have been a single book that could live up to it. So, immediately, from the start, Chamber of Secrets suffers. It’s actually not saying too much that it’s my least favorite, because it’s still a solid four-stars, but full-disclosure and all.<br/><br/>Confession: I don’t like Dobby. I never have. And even though I have heart-felt emotions regarding him later in the series, it doesn’t ever negate the fact that I just do not like him.<br/><br/>What I really like here is that, in this book, you are first given the sense that this series is more than just books connected by characters, but there’s an overall storyline and plot running throughout. That it’s not just going to be book after book after book of the same thing, but that as our characters age, and the world changes, new and interesting and dangerous things are going to start happening.<br/><br/>Then there’s the new characters that start getting introduced. In this book, it’s primarily Dobby (a house-elf – and even though I don’t like him, I do LOVE the plot-lines that his species opens up later in the series), and Gilderoy Lockhart. By the way – Kenneth Branaugh is brilliant as Lockhart.<br/><br/>Lockhart is the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts, a position that he seems to be eminently qualified for. Look, I know a lot of people hate Lockhart, I do too, actually, but I love to hate him. Seriously love it. He’s a fantastic character, even though he is a prat, or maybe because he is.<br/><br/>Confession 2: I’m not the biggest Ginny fan. Especially not here in the beginning. I feel for her, but the hero-worship…Ugh. Thankfully that doesn’t last much beyond this book.<br/><br/>But there are so many things that I enjoy here, too!<br/><br/>1. Peskipiksi Pesternomi<br/>2. Potion brewing in the bathroom<br/>3. Hermione &lt;3<br/>4. Dueling Club – &lt;3 Snape<br/>5. Fawkes!<br/>6. Dwarves dressed as “Cupids” to deliver Valentines<br/>7. The thought of asking Snape for a love-potion!<br/>8. Harry’s Valentine<br/>9. The Mystery<br/><br/>The mystery is actually quite good – something I’ve finally been able to realize and acknowledge on this last re-read. It unravels quite beautifully, and with an awesome amount of building suspense.<br/><br/>Now, onto one of my absolutely favorites: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. YES!
 Great addition to the Harry Potter library! My son loved reading it with me. Hope the rest come out this way too!
 It is so beautiful! I remember a few years ago looking for an illustrated edition and not finding one and then about a week ago I decided to go searching again and here they are! And they're beautiful. I noticed in another review they were unhappy that their book was shipped in a box with no padding. I am glad to report that mine came in several sheets of extra puffy bubble wrap. It is in perfect condition and I couldn't be happier. My daughter will love it.
 my wife loved them
 my wife loved them
 my wife loved them
 Gift for my wife. Loves it.
 Small kids new to Harry Potter love it!  a new generation of Harry Fans!
 First u.s. edition!woohoo!
 my sister loved it for her present
 Interesting read the book after watching the movie. I thought the book will give me more details and/or extra information i got on the movie. But it didn’t. Book and movie are exactly the same. Hope the other book give it this extra I expect. Good reading though
 I bought this for my sisters for her birthday and she loved it!! 5 stars for sure definately buying the rest of them!!
 Yeah
 I read reviews on this book that states it had illustrations. This book does not .
 El inicio de una saga que ya es un clásico
 The Goblet of Fire gives a lot of detailed information about characters and clues of upcoming events (revealed in books 5 and 6).  Its the best of the series to date and is richly descriptive.  This book is a "must read" for Harry Potter fans, particularly those who only see the movies.  The upcoming film cannot possibly give the rich detail revealed in this book. Its well worth re-reading several times.  Harry Potter and friends are maturing into teens with new emotions and challenges; this transition is most sensitively portrayed by J.K. Rowling.
 Good
 Very satisfied!
 Reader thoughts:<br/>These books are so addicting! I do enjoy them a lot, but I have some issues with them, too.<br/><br/>JKR puts too much witchcraft and ghosts into her books, and I can't stand the characters. They lie and cheat and steal, even when it isn't necessary. They're very disobedient and rarely get punished for it. They're also immature under their age some of the time. The children treat the adults like stupid overseers, and most of the adults act that way.<br/><br/>Plus, these fit into the books-that-make-me-moody-when-I'm-reading-them category. I get upset more easily and feel stressed when I'm reading certain books, especially ones that have disobedient characters (or mean characters, or ones that have bad morals). Those books tend to get DNFed.<br/><br/>However, you can clearly see that I like these (read multiple times and 4/5 stars). Why do I like them?<br/><br/>Moving castle! My favorite part of the whole series is the Hogwarts school. I like the sorting, the classes, the tests, the magical creatures, and the strong personalities of not only students but teachers also.<br/><br/>Hermione! She is, by far, my favorite character. She was a lot like I was, actually. I have no doubt that she has influenced countless young girls to like learning. She puts up with rather knuckleheaded friends, but I love that she loves school.<br/><br/>The Dursleys. It's not that I like them, but they do make these books more interesting. I always feel sorry for Harry after reading anything about the Dursleys.<br/><br/>The plot is good, too. Sure, there are lots of stories that have a prophecy and a chosen one, but it's a fun plot all the same. There's so much pressure on Harry, and lots of expectations. Everyone he meets in the wizarding world either hates him or loves him, but they all know him. It's cool.<br/><br/>It's basically a rags-to-riches tale. I love the idea of an orphan boy who suddenly finds out he has magic and there's this great magical community. I love the idea of a dark lord trying to take over and targeting this young boy in particular. I love that a mother's love is given so much power.<br/><br/>Writer thoughts:<br/>I think JKR is an amazing writer. The plotting and descriptions and story and ideas are all superb. I love all the brilliant foreshadowing.<br/><br/>She is also really good at stretching a plot over the course of a year and not making it feel slow. JKR can pass time without the reader realizing it. Suddenly it's autumn. Suddenly is Christmas. And then spring tests. Authors can learn a lot from studying her books.
 Although I had already read the book, when my daughters were listening to these tapes I found myself listening in.  Once again these tapes are beautifully done and really capture J.K. Rowling's story, and characters.  Many hours of listening pleasure, great for long car rides, if played at night my children wouldn't sleep until they were done.  Just be careful if you are listening and driving, you'll start paying more attention to the tapes than the road.  A great set.
 If you need an escape from your life, read this series and thank JK Rowling later.
 Great book
 Love the book! Wish the pages weren't bent when I received it but that's about it
 In book five of the Harry Potter series, J. K. Rowling continues the wonderful story of the boy wizard we have all come to know and love.  I feel that Rowling's attention to detail and in-depth characterization are what make not only book five, but the entire series worthy of reading again and again, not just for the fun and exciting story line, but for the enjoyment of watching these characters grow and mature with time.<br/>I recommend all of the Harry Potter books to anyone of any age.
 Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix is the most psychologically deep of the Harry Potter books that I've read (I haven't read 4, 6, or 7.) The Ministry of Magic launches a crusade against the perceived sub-standard curriculum of Hogwarts under headmaster Albus Dumbledore, while Voldemort and his Death Eaters launch a brazen attack on the shadowy Department of Mysteries.<br/><br/>The twin plot-line makes the 870 pages fly by, as the reader becomes psychologically invested in whether Harry Potter and the collection of wizards that make up the Order of the Phoenix can stop Voldemort and his Death Eaters, while saving Hogwarts from the meddling hand of the Ministry of Magic.  Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix still features many of the things that I like about the earlier books, but enters into more adult themes, signifying that the characters in the book and its' young readers were getting older as well.
 A gift for my grandson
 Jim Dale is amazing at this narration.
 Its a great book for all ages, i really enjoyed it. Can wait to start the next ond pretty soon
 Um, best book ever?
 good
 Exactly as described
 I love this book,along with all the Harry Potter's. I think you will like them too. Still Awesome you will love them
 "Harry" is the "Huck Finn" for the Millenium generation.  Kids as young as 5 years old can listen to this story a chapter at a time and can't wait til the next chapter is read.  Older kids are challenged by vocabulary and newly defined words.  As they grow, they will re-read these books and notice the depth of the story and the eternal struggle of good against evil.  Especially in these trying times, good triumphs over evil, and a child helps to that end...empowerment!  Someday, as parents, they will relate to their offspring by introducing them to our "Harry, Ron, Hermoine, Dumbledore, Snape, Fluffy, Hagrid and then there are the Muggles.......as classic as "Nancy Drew"or the "Hardy Boys" solving mysteries, Harry Potter is a triumph of J.K Rowling's brilliant imagination!
 Great book wonderful read
 I feel lucky that I never outgrew children's books. But then I feel  sorryfor all the people my age (and older) who think they have. I might be  mistaken, but I'm pretty sure that when I was ten or twelve, there weren't  books as perfect as these. There weren't 400-page novels that spoke to me  like a person instead of like a child, with characters who were people and  just happened to be children. There damn well should have been.
 Brand new and looks great in my collection.
 I have read the books and seen the movie. I bought my first set of audiobooks on a whim. I love them, I listen to them when I am driving. It helps to block out all the frustration from the heavy traffic in southern calif. I don't mind the time it takes to get home anymore. Sometimes I even sit in my car in the garage to hear the end of the chapter. I also pickup on things in the story I missed before. I want all of the Harry Potter books cuz I like listening to them over and over. But there are alot of different books that are audio now. There is even a rental club like netflix.
 These are so cute and such a great collector’s item for Harry Potter lovers
 Nice book from this popular collection.
 Arrived in perfect condition
 Works well on Echo....Very Pleased
 Love this book!!!
 Awesome book #3
 Harry Potter books are always a joy to read. And they bring hope to the reader of any age that Bravery and Kindness can prevail.
 Amazing love it!
 I loved it . It gets more suspicious it's a exciting page Turner .JK Rowlings Harry potter books are truly magic. I chose this book because it's wonderful and worth it to read. I highly recommend this book to read
 thanks
 Ok
 I am very upset with the turn out of this book. When I read it i'm going to be afraid that it's going to fall apart because it already is. For something this worn down I would have rather paid half of what I did.
 Excellent book.  Sad but so many questions are finally answered.  This book is the best in the series so far.  Can’t wait to start book 6!!
 It Harry Potter, obviously it's good.
 Harry Potter came to my attention when a group of 10 year olds I work with told me it was their favorite book.  I read it and went on to read book 2,3, &amp; 4.<br/>Harry Potter is so well written that I would never consider it just a children's book.  This is a rare book that both children and adults can enjoy together.  The imagery and imagination of J.K. Rowling shines through on every page.  A must-read for anyone who has a bit of kid left in them!
 perfect condition
 Got the next book ready to go.  A lot more in depth than the movie. A must have book series .
 Love these books, beautiful art. Can't wait for the next ones! Goblet of fire will look amazing!
 It feels so long ago that I read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone for the first time. I can't remember exactly how I felt upon completion, but I must have loved it because I devoured the rest of the books--there were only three of them back then--in a matter of days.<br/><br/>What I can remember is how agonizingly long the wait for the other books was, how I reread the first book when I was scared of being the new kid in school, and how I became friends with other fans of the series. I remember feeling stronger after reading about Harry's strength, and, most importantly, I remember how much I grew to love reading.<br/><br/>This all probably sounds terribly sappy, but to the people who call this book unimaginative, contrived, and even claim Harry and his friends are bad role models, I would just like to say that kids don't see any of that. This kid saw the importance of friendship and courage, even in the face of evil, and a place to escape to when she need to be reminded of these things. Adults need to remember that this is a children's book, and no one should read it expecting an existential masterpiece. The books grow as Harry grows, and as JK Rowling grows as an author.<br/><br/>Is this book perfect? No, but for a kid reading it for the first time, it's close enough.
 love all of Joes books
 Love these illustrated editions! They make these books 10 times better and more fun to read!!!
 Always a big fan of JK :)
 ....<br/>What do you get? Basically a very beautiful book. The feel of the book is wonderful, the additional artwork suitably gloomy and mysterious and the cloth cover is a wonderful thing to have. And, who knows? It could end up to be a sought-after item in years to come?<br/>If you're on a budget, by the standard edition. If you have a little extra to spare (I used an unexpected gift certificate) and are a big Potter fan, get this edition - it's truly beautiful.
 I received number 5 by owl delivery from Amazon the day it was released and started reading right away.  I put the book down only to pick it back up Aug 3/03.  Although I found it easy the first time to put down, once I started reading again I couldn't part with it.  J.K. Rowling is a brilliant writer.  I will admit that Harry's anger was starting to get on my nerves however, it makes sense in the end.  Like Albus Dumbledore, I had forgotten what it's like to be a teenager.  I'm a late HP fan.  I only started reading the series when number 4 came out.  I read them all within 1 week!  Thanks J.K. Rowling for sharing your talent.
 I loved it
 Beautiful book! Came quickly and can’t wait to read it, again!
 Reader thoughts: The tri-wizard tournament is a neat idea, but it falls flat in several ways.<br/><br/>1st, it's just too dangerous. Why is this at school rather than for adults? It's like the Olympics, but deadly!<br/>2nd, it's only open to 1/3 of the students to ever try it just because of age restrictions, and that's only if they did the cup every as often as they wanted to!<br/>3rd, the magical binding stuff was dumb and only there to force Harry to take part for the book plot.<br/><br/>I didn't like that Harry didn't try very hard on a bunch of tournament things that could put his life in danger. He also kept claiming that he was working on ideas when he hadn't actually done anything. Like, the golden egg shrieking underwater thing. He did so little, and everyone else did all the work, even Neville.<br/><br/>No school quidditch, and that was too bad. The characters are getting into flirting, which is awkward to read. I like them at age 12 better.<br/><br/>I hated how much the "friends" were always mad at each other. Harry and Ron (or sometimes Ron and Hermione, or the rare Harry and Hermione) just get upset and stop talking to each other. Sometimes they do this for months on end. Do they not trust each other? Do they not know how to communicate and apologize?<br/><br/>Writer thoughts: I can guess why the friends don't always get along. Be aware these are guesses.<br/><br/>1, Real friends sometimes don't get along.<br/>2, This adds tension and makes the year go by faster.<br/>3, Part of this book was that Harry felt alone, like he couldn't ask for a lot of help on the tri-wizard stuff. He couldn't have felt that way if he was on best terms with his friends.<br/><br/>That doesn't mean I have to like it, though.
 Good price
 No lo compren. Esto es de mala calidad. Mi libro se despegó. Ahorren un poco más y cómprense un buen libro en la mejor librería de sus respectivos países. Enserio les digo. ¡No lo compren!
 While "Order of the Phoenix" was a great attempt, it simply did not have the magic of the other four books.<br/>As a twenty-somthing-year old, I was suprised at how many of my peers recomended the series. After reading the first book, I was hooked! The first four books were humorous and had great characters that one could really relate to. They also had twists in the storyline and a mystery like feel that attracted adults as well as children. This book lost much of that.<br/>While there is an attempt to show the character growth of Harry, in this book he becomes very unlikeable with an explosive temper, and an annoying aroggance. While it may have been a major plot point, it only served to make Harry's character unlikeable.<br/>The story was extremely linear with no plot twists, and easily predictable. Even the side story with Hagrid served no purpose to move the story forward whatsoever.<br/>After reading book 4 I was dying to read book 5 and like many other fans waited years for what seemed like a cliff hanger ending to book 4. what I found was that book 5 was basicly a gigantic conlcusion to book 4, and after finishing it, I certainly won't mind waiting 1, 3, or 5 more years for the next installment. I just pray that Harry will get his "magic" back.
 This is by far the darkest in tone of the Potterverse books. We have Harry as the Angry Young Man with abandonment issues (this gives nothing of the plot away and is not a spoiler, and it's evident from page one).<br/><br/>Someone has it in for Harry Potter, and it's not just the Dark Lord. It seems that the Ministry of Magic has a minor issue with Mr. Potter. Asdie from Ron, Hermione and the people (except for the Dursleys) who know him, there's an issue of just how blind politicians can be.
 Love this series
 Welcome back to Hogwarts
 Amazing 😍
 Beautiful illustrations. My only disappointment is that Hermione isn't black in this version.
 It’s such a beautiful book! My niece loved it! It’s great quality. Won’t let you down
 awesome
 Just love the flow of the stories. Azkaban is one my top favorites from the Harry Potter Series.
 Loved reading this book.  With three kids, aged 12, 10 and 7, the two older kids have read through all the books - sans pictures.  In our house, we have a rule that you cannot watch the movie before having read the book.  The older two are so obsessed with Harry Potter, they talk about it all the time.  They walk around the house humming the music and have constructed most of Diagon Alley out of Legos - no instructions.  The 7-year old has been mostly left out of it all because to ask her to sit down with a beefy chapter book with little to no illustrations is a stretch.<br/><br/>I saw this book at the Universal Studios Harry Potter store.  At first I didn't understand why there would be a different version.  I wondered if it was an exact copy of the chapter book or somehow modified.  Then it dawned on me.  It's a genius idea.  By having many illustrations, it helps to pull younger readers such as my daughter into the fold.  It softens the fact that we're sitting and reading a 300 page chapter book together if she can occasionally look at a picture.  Genius!<br/><br/>Rather than pay full price for the book at Universal Studios, I ran home and ordered it from Amazon.  We read it in a week and a half and she was completely enraptured.  Had no issues with attention span whatsoever.  Truth be told, I read it to her, but was happy to do so.  I'm hoping that in subsequent books, she'll be able to trade off with me reading a page here and there. Today, we watched the movie together and upon the credits rolling at the end, she said to me "Mom, can we start book two?"  Cha-ching!<br/><br/>It's a beautifully illustrated book.  I love that the illustrator didn't just copy the images of the actors in the movie.  It's beautifully done and feels so substantial.  I also love, love, loved the built-in bookmark.<br/><br/>Highly recommend.
 It's amazing to see so many, presumably adult, reviewers complaining about Harry's behavior in this book.  Adults whining about teenage angst is not very convincing.  It seems like these people have never outgrown their own teenage angst.  If someone can't understand why Harry might be a little cranky while reading this incredibly well written story, he or she must be lacking in both imagination and emotional depth.<br/>I wish that the reviews for the audio book were seperated from those for the hardcover book.  Jim Dale's performance is remarkable.  It brings the story to life in a way that even the most vivid imagination couldn't.  His rendition of Dolores Umbridge is particularly effective.  Just reading the book can give you an idea just how creepy this character is, but hearing her brought to life by Mr. Dale in this audio book will make your skin crawl.  He is just as effective in bringing the other characters in the book to life.  His performance clearly demonstrates just how brilliant a stroryteller that Ms. Rowling is.<br/>The book is outstanding.  The audio book is truly amazing!
 I just love these series with illustrations by Jim Kay. I own all of the three published books, and am looking forward to all the rest of them.<br/>Please, hurry!
 The first of the Harry Potter books takes us on a journey of adventure, mystery, fantasy and magic. It gets the reader hooked from the very beginning and keeps us turning the pages as fast as we can. This is a book not only for young adults but for us oldsters too. This is a story of a young boy being raised by hateful relatives, who's very life is about to change in ways he never imagined. We meet an array of characters from his aunt and uncle who are Muggles, to Hagrid, to Professor Dumbledore, to.... well, most people already know the story. BUT if you don't then pick up the first book and get reading. You're in for the treat of your life.
 It was my first time reading this book and I enjoyed it a lot! In retrospect I wish I hadn’t seen the movies first, but nevertheless I thought it was a lot of fun.
 This long-awaited fifth installment of the HP story adds additional depth and complexity to many of the main characters, bringing faults and histories to the surface to complement their struggles and virtues.  "Goblet of Fire" (Book 4) had a more direct story line with the linear elements of the Triwizard Tournament, but "Order of the Phoenix" (Book 5) has vivid visual events and new aspects of more involved relationships.  Harry, Dumbledore, Sirius, and other main characters aren't as perfect and the answers aren't as clean.  My only qualm is that there isn't as much complexity in He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named's game plan as I would have expected so far...but it does leave me looking forward to Book 6....and to continued debates with my 7 and 9 year olds about their perspectives on the world of HP.  This continues to be a series of books to bring together the whole family. (So I'm glad I bought two copies, or I would be waiting a month to get my turn!)
 Can’t tell it was preowned.
 Fine
 Harry and his mates are growing up, and this adds much to the complexity of the new book.  Not only are there myriad twists and turns in the plot of Goblet of Fire, but also the 14 year old hormone bank kicks in and boy/girl  relations turn from pure friendship to romance.<br/>All of the old characters  return, plus several new ones are introduced, such as Mad Eye Moody.  The  book is long, 730+ pages, and the plot and characters are well defined and  embellished, and the list of magical creatures and spellbinding action  grows on.<br/>This is the richest of the books so far, as Harry is tested  almost beyond his capacity.  The dark scenes are treated with care and  compassion.  Feelings play a large role in this tale of winning, losing and  playing the game.<br/>Can't wait for the next episode!
 It's even more beautiful in person!! So happy to add this to my collection. Can't wait to start reading this series to my young son. I'll definitely read him the illustrated version too!
 Beautifully illustrated. Perfect for the family collection.
 this is like all the previous books amazing
 I loved this book.  A great read.
 Son asked for this and he was very happy with it
 I like how Rowling can really emerge you in the book an you can relate so much with any of the main characters. Lots of action too.
 Original and unique. Will be mirrored by writers for years to come. Looking forward to reading all of the books in the series; great reads for all ages.
 This is the best one!  I am one of the people AMAZON.COM upgraded to next day Fed Ex so I got my book on the 8th....and finished it on the 9th!  This Harry Potter adventure starts and ends in action and delight!  If you  haven't read this series...get online and buy yourself a set!  This is a  stand alone novel, but it is much more fun knowing the people from Books  1,2, and 3!  The characters are well drawn and fun to get to know better.  The stories are always great, but the TriWizard Contest in this novel is  outstanding!  Harry has to deal with his Muggle relatives, his  relationships with his best friends and worst enemies AND try to stop  Valdemort from gaining power and destroying the good in the world!  Whew--quite a job for a 14 year-old, but Harry and Rowlings are up to it.  Buckle up and enjoy the ride!
 Great.
 Well written and fun! The Harry Potter wizarding world is great.  I really cannot wait to read the next book.
 in great shape
 Harry Potter's 4th year is the best one yet! Just as thrilling and imaginative as the previous three books, Goblet of Fire fleshes out the main characters, and introduces new ones! I loved the expanded role given  to Hermione and the entire Weasley family. There's more drama in this one  than in the previos, but it's all very plausible and described with care  and detail. The wait for this was definitely worth it!
 This is the second Harry Potter book (also heard book 2) read by Jim Dale.  He is simply outstanding.  Even if you've already read the book several times, you'll thoroughly enjoy listening to Jim Dale read it to you again.  The voices he does, the cadence, the enthusiasm, everything about the manner in which he brings Harry and his friends to life is marvelous.  Taking a long trip in your car?  Turn off the radio, and pop this in and enjoy!!
 Great book, nicely packaged
 Perfect condition love the illustrated editions
 Arrived on time and in great shape. Hardcover new books with jackets, completely undamaged by transit. Already read it but need to have a sturdy copy to pass along to my kids.
 The reading level would suit a high to middle school student. There is a plot that is very entertaining and a lot of lore surrounding the main story. A good read to enjoy before watching the movies.
 I haven't read all of the reviews on Harry Potter audio books at Amazon but the ones I found refer to the "paper" books. Then I feel I must pay a special tribute to Jim Dale, the narrator of the audio books. I've read (well, listened) hundreds of audio books and the Harry Potter books are definitely the best. There is no doubt that has a lot to do with the books themselves but Jim Dale's reading adds rich colors to so many characters that they become alive and "jump out of the paper", as a Chinese saying goes. Out of all the media (paper, audio and movie) of Harry Potter books I personally enjoy the audio the most. I never read any Harry Potter until I started listening to book 3(!) by chance. Within 1/2 hour I was hooked. Try it!
 Great intrigue with this purchase! No problems whatsoever! Thanks!<br/><br/> P.S.-I bought this book used, so the edge are a little worn.  But it's okay, I expected that when I bought it!
 This fifth volume of the Harry Potter saga was more than expected and it finally came out and it did not disappoint our expectations. This volume is interesting because it puts the first four volumes in a clear perspective as for Harry Potter's fate contained in a prophecy. This volume is interesting too because it shows how Harry Potter is able to summon around him a fair number of fellow students to fight against the Dark Lord, Lord Voldemort. This is a great optimistic sign about young people who are able to fight against evil, against what is bad in the world. Then the adventure of the fight between the good forces and Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters is full of unexpected developments and surprises. But the book is also interesting because it shows how a government in our countries is easily choosing the third way that is the negation of evil forces and the rebuffing of good forces who denounce these evil forces. This is a clear cut syndrom in our societies today with the choice of that middle of the way policy that leads nowhere except to victimizing those who are the only defense against evil. Here we can wonder if Rowling is not aiming at those benevolent governments who do not have the courage to fight against what is wrong in our societies and prefer giving aspirin against cancer or coughdrops against tuberculosis. The next interest of this book is that good is identified with being good and humane with your fellow humans, with accepting differences between people, be they physical, psychological or cultural and moral, with refusing discrimination, any discrimination in any form. The final interest of this book is the description of school life when the head and the teachers try to impose control of and limitations on students rights. It creates havoc and it leads to catastrophes, especially when some teachers try to retain some knowledge and to prevent students from getting the full picture of what they can and want to know. Luckily young people seem to be able to resist and to find other ways to get the knowledge they need and want.<br/>Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Perpignan
 In short I was very hesitant to buy this book. I absolutely love the Harry Potter series and find J.K. Rowling's story sheer brilliance. I am some what of a collector of slipcases and well made editions of books I love/ grew up with.<br/><br/>I wasn't sure if it was wise to spend this kind of money on a book but after receiving it today all of my doubts were cast aside. This is an absolute masterpiece, I don't know even where to begin. The illustrations truly bring to the story to life and Jim Kay's (illustrator) vision of the Harry Potter world is refreshing and beyond magical. The book itself is extremely high quality from binding to cover. I will write more and post pictures when I get a chance but after opening it and reading the first few pages I felt compelled to share my elation.<br/><br/>If you are considering purchasing this book do yourself a favor and buy it now. Honestly after receiving it today, it's undoubtedly worth every penny.
 Gorgeous book!  So fun to read with the kids.
 I read this book as a kid when it first came out, still this book is nothing but pure fun
 I did enjoy this book, although it is very long, and much darker than the earlier Harry Potter books.  Ms Rowling continues to "age" her characters in a very believable way.  And like many teenagers, the lead characters are often sad, moody, self-centered and so on.  I have read the book, but really enjoyed it more on audiotape, while commuting to work and back.  Jim Dale is such an excellent reader, and makes all the multiple characters come to life believably.  I "read" many books through the use of tapes in my car, and Jim Dale is the best, by far, reader I have listened to.  A great series of books, for kids and adults---the movies have been a disappointment to me, but the books will stand the test of time, I truly think.
 It seems almost ridiculous to be writing this review.  There are over 1,700 others ahead of me and if you are already a Harry Potter fan, then you know how wonderful this book is going to be; and if you are one of those who believe that the series is evil, then that's exactly what you are going to assume this book will be, without even reading it!  As with the previous two books, I loved every single page - I still can't believe how totally wrapped up I can be in what is essentially a childrens' series.  It's magical, it's mystical, it's fun - hey, it's Harry!
 Great continuing storyline to the Potter series, long read but could not put it down ~can't wait for the next book
 story
 This book kept me interested throughout. I would recommend this series to anyone. Hopefully there will be more from the author.
 Let me add my voice to all of the other readers who love HP5. I would rank it among the rarest of reads for this reason: I've been savoring the novel for some time now, have finally come to the final chapter, and I'm reluctant to read it because I don't want the novel to end. It IS as good as I, and many others, have said. I look forward to the next book in the series and can only hope that it's as well-crafted, complex, and enjoyable a read as this entry has been. Reading HP5 has been an exceptional experience.
 Arrived in new condition. Kid loved it, of course.
 Amazing!
 Perfect!  My son and I are reading this together.
 Illustrations are beautiful and are great for reading to/with kids
 Sister loved it
 This series is rather in the line of the C.S. Lewis Narnia books;  both place young children from the ordinary world into a magical one and transport us to a place where reality is slightly bent.<br/>Rowling's knack for detail is remarkable, from Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans to the ins and outs of Quidditch.  A wonderful story.  I only wish these books had been around when I was a kid.  They're fabulous reading for one and all.
 My son like this book!!!!
 Great Book! Love the illustrations.
 Don't worry about the size of this book. It is fast reading, with the same fast-paced drama as the first four. The story of Potter's latest chills, thrills and some frills, hasn't suffered from sequelitis. On the contrary, Rowling continues to impress with simply excellent character development, timing, drama and intrigue.<br/>You'll find it has shorter descriptions of classroom lessons and quidditch. What it does have more of is drama, with many interweaving stories. It has a love angle, a secret society, an undercurrent of Voldemort's latest plan, and a lot of authority vs. righteous teen rebels. You'll find yourself wanting to shout "don't" at Harry, like when you're watching a horror flick. However, it never gets cheesy and there is just the right amount of suspense and missteps to keep you interested.<br/>Thanks Rowling! You deserve every dollar of your billions.
 What I Loved:  You can pretty much say from book 3 till the end, I loved this series.  There are so many twists and turns.  The kids are growing up.  Voldemort is growing more powerful. The series is just building upon the books before it.  This particular one I really liked how the friendships were tested and still were strong.  In real life we don't always agree with our friends but we work through it.  I love this book showed that. (yes, Harry is still my least favorite character LOL)<br/><br/>Who I would recommend it too:  Anyone<br/><br/>Why I gave it a 5:  When something is this well written how can you give it anything less.  JK does a brilliant job with all her characters and story!<br/><br/>Author Website:   ...]
 thanks
 This is the 2nd copy I've had, because I shared the 1st one with a friend.  Love the attention to detail, and the constant action.  The author has such an amazing ability to make her imaginative adventure come alive.
 I love the Harry Potter series and this fourth installment still has the wonderful mix of wry humor, fantastical monsters, and thrilling adventures found in the first three books. However, I was a bit disappointed because I  felt the identity of the villain was a complete cop-out; it didn't sit well  with me because I couldn't quite believe it. It seemed that J.K. Rowling  needed a scapegoat when writing the end and twisted all of the book's  events to fit. I also felt that the plot dragged in some places, such as  the house-elf liberation effort and (as usual) the time spent with the  Dursleys. Yet, it was still a very fast and enjoyable read. I look forward  to #5!
 Good shape
 Got the book. I bought it with “good” condition. There was no slip cover, and the spine was damaged and a big stain on the back. Not “GOOD” condition at all.  Barely acceptable.
 A lovely illustrated version of the book.
 Harry Potter books! always a good read
 I have read all 7 of the Harry Potter books three times and Book 5 (HARRY POTTER AND THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX) is my favorite.  It is unfortunate that the movie was so poor.  It did not do justice to this book which gives many more of the characters a life.  It is filled with, of course the three main characters, Harry, Hermione, and Ron, but they are getting older and I believe Rowling handles this extremely well.  Although the book is a little on the dark side, she infuses enough humor that you can't help but laugh at the escapades.  This book grabs you immediately and you do not want to put it down.
 I'll keep this short since if you're here you are probably familiar with the set and setting of this modern epic...<br/>BRIEFLY  just in case]; this is the fifth of seven promised novels which deal with the coming of age of a certain gifted  and perhaps star-crossed] young wizard named Harry.  A tragic predicate to the first novel places young Master Potter in the care of his distinctly NON-magical relatives on Privett Drive until the first of many changes in his being commences with the arrival of an airborne  and feathery] invitation to HogWartz school.  Not an ordinary  English] boarding school BY ANY MEANS and run by and extra extra ordinary HeadMaster with no small interest in Harry's well being, his journey to become who he really is takes place in this beautiful  although not entirely safe] and fanciful enviroment housed in a quirky building.<br/>This series is NOT really appropriate to dive into at the point this book commences... i TRULY needed to re-read the fourth book, but this one arrived and i was DRAWN IN AGAIN, curse you Rowling  ;]~<br/>If you liked the Artimus Fowl series or would like to see if Rowling's style and these character driven stories  Mr. Potter is SURROUNDED by a colorful and wise group of amazing mentors, helpers,  boi]friends, enemyies, fellow magic folk, etc.], proceed to pick up the first volume  a VERY VERY much more brief reading adventure] and give my boy Harry a spin.  You won't be dissapointed.<br/>Cheers to the first Billion $, Lady J.K. - - - glad it was you that made the mark and not some hack like Steele, Clancy, Grisham, et al...<br/>Peaxe,<br/>M3!
 The entire story is riveting
 This book is such a joy to read. Great story and characters and the continuing world building in this great series is wonderful
 This book was in perfect shape, and great price! This book is incredible but you probably already knew that
 Can’t find a single thing wrong with this book it’s simply beautiful and amazing and super fun to read please bring out all the rest on kindle addition as well I will definitely be purchasing them all!!!
 Beautiful pictures and a great addition to my collection.
 The book came with a ton of pages stuck together and we had to tear them apart and now some have ragged edges. I was not expecting that. Otherwise love the art and book itself.
 Love reading this book. I enjoy it every time.
 Book is missing 3 chapters.
 Stunningly beautiful!
 Great purchase! Arrived on time and was exactly what I ordered. Bonus: I swear the previous owner did something with oranges all the time around this book. It smells like oranges!
 He loved it
 It’s the first time I ever read Harry Potter.  The writer has very good story telling ability.i pretty much enjoy reading this book.
 I was so afraid that a new marriage, motherhood, and more cash than the Queen of England would ruin J.K. Rowling.  Would the new book be full of meandering and empty of action and meaning?<br/>My faith in humanity is restored.  J.K. Rowling has delivered a wonderful novel that surpasses, deepens, and complements her other Harry Potter adventures.  This is a great book.  She's not ruined by fame and fortune.  Hm, sounds like Harry...
 Harry Potter, I got this book as a Christmas present opened it up and kept my nose in it non-stop. An exelent book with plenty of imagination. It is full of exictement and a very good plot. I think J.K. Rowling should be and  will be remembered along with many other great authors. I recomend thios  book for anyone not just for 9-12 year olds but anyone. If you need a book  get Harry Potter.
 I sat down with this book the moment I got it and devoured it in one weekend, and it was time well spent. Harry and his pals are adolescents now, and the awkwardness of crushes and school dances rings true to the  reader's experience. The book is as packed with adventure as all the  others, and the end is even more thrilling, and a cliff-hanger to lead us  in to Book 5. Write faster, Ms. Rowling!
 Great condition, better than stated in description. Got here a day early! Thank you so much!
 I waited (like everyone else) for what seemed like ever for this one.  I was a little disappointed with Harry's rage.  In many respects, it is to be expected (he's had a hard life and he is a teenager) but part of what makes Harry so endearing is that he is still such a great, sweet and likeable kid in spite of everything he has gone through.  I know that all is not well in the wizarding world, but part of me wants to feel good at some point during the book.  That being said, I think that Rowling once again demonstrates the ability to keep readers enthralled and craving more (at least I am).  Not the best of the series, but given the build up and the wait, it was probably next to impossible to live up to everyones expectations. I am still axiously awaiting number 6!!!
 *SPOILERS*<br/><br/>I love all the Harry Potter books and this one is no exception. There are so many twists and turns in this book and they keep you guessing until the end. The first time I read it, I had no clue how Hermione was getting to all her classes until the end. I loved being introduced to the Marauder's Map and Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs. The funniest thing was when the Snape got a hold of the Map and it called him names. :) I feel bad for Snape sometimes because things just never go his way (a la the end of the book when he doesn't get the title of Order of Merlin because Sirius Black gets away). He just can't win. I wish that Lupin was able to continue on as DADA teacher. He was a lot of fun since he had practical classes. He's a great mentor for Harry during the school year. Another favorite part of the book - well, two actually - (1) when Malfoy is made to look a fool in Hogsmeade. Harry, under the invisibility cloak, throws muck at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle; (2) When Hermione gets so fed up with Malfoy that she hits him. Overall, just a fun book.
 It’s in very good quality.
 Love this book and has beautiful illustrations!!! Gave as a gift to my 6 year old and he loves how colorful and neat everything is!
 Beautiful books.  Bigger than I thought.
 Just what I wanted
 When I first read this book 12 years ago, I was all of 12 years old. I'd never really been into books at that point in my life, but apparently my mom thought that that ought to change. One night, a copy of this book showed up on my nightstand, with a note saying that this book was apparently quite popular with boys my age. Reluctantly, I began to read it, and was unexpectedly sucked in to a world of magic the likes of which I'd never quite imagined. I churned through it quickly, and read it several times over, eagerly anticipating the release of the next book.<br/><br/>As much as I enjoyed it, when I learned that my girlfriend hadn't yet shared the experience, I decided to buy her a copy for Christmas. She recently finished it, and now I'm rereading it. Gotta say, the book's just as good as I remember it being all those years ago.. I would recommend it to anybody.
 This book was a great page-turner.  The mystery of who was plotting to sabotage Harry and return Lord Voldemort to power was so well-crafted that  I had no idea who the bad guy would turn out to be.  The descriptions of  the Triwizard Tournament, the foreign students and the Yule Ball were all  vibrant and formed their own living, breathing world.  And even though I  knew someone was going to die in the book, when that character did die it  was shocking and heart-breaking.  A great read for kids and adults (I'm  nearly 30!).
 Great book! Definitely a good gift to get kids into a captivating book series.
 I liked how there were many twists and turns in the book and surprise of the different characters roles during the events in the story line.
 It's really nice to read different versions, plus I like learning how they translate.
 It's like reading a real wizarding book. The pages come to life. Not ever picture is animated (probably 1/3). But it is really spectacular. A must for Potter heads!
 Best book I’ve ever read I think.
 Love all her books
 One of my favorite books of all time. And better yet was the fast shipping and completely accurate. Thanks y'all I'll be back
 Beautifully detailed book that takes you to another world. As do other books by J.K. Rowling. I’m literally obsessed with all of them.
 I really enjoyed the moving pictures and, of course, the story is great.
 This was an amazing read. It was as close to the feeling of reading these books the first time as I will ever get. I was eagerly anticipating seeing every animated illustration, just as much as revisiting Hogwarts. Can't wait for the others!
 I read this book as a kid and instantly fell in love with it. Recently, I bought it for my eight year old. He couldn’t put it down.
 Just love the pictures. The way kids’ books ought to be published.
 This is my favorite book in the series. I love the whole series though. I am a big fan of Harry Potter
 Arrived in perfect condition and protected in plastic. It is wonderful to replace my old copy, it has gone missing over the years.
 Always a fantastic read. Brings back memories of book releases and staying up late to read the books straight through
 I love the books , but that’s is a pocket version , but next time I’m going for the hard cover
 Arrived a day early.  It is perfect, and fulfilled my son's collection.  Thank you so much!
 I absolutely love the Prisoner of Azkaban! I first read this series in elementary school and have since reread it numerous times. This book is my all time favorite of the 7 book series and I highly recommend it to everybody and everyone!
 Classic book
 favorite book so far!
 Buying all the illustrated ones as they come out! They are seriously amazing! Any Harry Potter fan must get them! No matter the age!
 Better and better after many readings. Christian/ spiritual dimensions very striking. Only continue to grow through each book. Graveyard scene one of my favorite chapters in any book!
 Installment three of this series does not disappoint. Having this will bring you many hours of joy.
 Beautiful new artwork to accompany the wonderful writing in this amazing book.
 A must-have for any Potterhead. We all know the story, but this illustrated version is stunning! I hope the publisher completes the entire series.
 Watched the movies when I was young. Decided to finally read the books...and they never disappoint. Definitely worth every dollar.
 Great ty
 Recommended
 Para mi nina
 Another exciting, thrilling Harry Potter adventurer!
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a thoroughly enjoyable and suspenseful tale of a rising hero. The language of this novel seems more sophisticated than the previous three, but this does not inhibit a speedy read. After reading it, one would hardly know that it is over seven hundred pages long, because there is never a dull moment in Harry's wizarding world. I really appreciate the subtle, seemingly unrelated comments added by Rowling that all piece together in the end. The nuances of the book are quite entertaining. It definitely portrays all emotions well. On many instances, I have caught myself smiling, angry, surprised, or excited just as Harry felt at the moment. The plot is extremely captivating, as with the rest of the series, but this time around even more gripping than ever. The entire book is well thought out, and everything is described in extensive detail, which makes it all the more difficult to close its cover.  Start to finish, this is an excellent literary masterpiece from an author of whom we would expect no less.
 This book is my favorite of the series.
 Beautiful illustrations. Love the Kindle in Motion.
 Daughter was so excited Christmas morning to open this!!  My only issue is the dust cover is damaged, ripped and folded up funny..  pretty disappointed.
 The illustrated Harry Potter editions are beautiful. We've had the regular versions sitting around the house for years that the kids and my wife read. Not until I saw these illustrated Potter books was I motivated to finally read the book rather than just watching the movies. I bought all three that have been released so far, and read each book in two to three nights each. They kept me motivated and interested, where I didn't want to stop reading them. Although as a story I thought this book dragged compared to the first two. I generally don't enjoy reading anything, but the way these illustrated books were done made it fun for me. I'm kind of sad now that I'll have to wait at least a year for the next one to read--it's my favorite movie of the series.
 I chose this rating because it suits the animated illustrations. I would recommend this book to every Harry Potter fan.
 I was very impressed with Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, as I have been with all of JK Rowling's works.  The only thing that I didn't like about HP5 is that it seemed to be a little long.  There were some things that could have been left out without hurting the story.  Because some of the books are so long, some people won't start reading the series.  I, personally, love to read, so this didn't stop me from re-reading the books, but I do feel this one was a little long.  Other than that, I loved the book.  I feel JK Rowling did an especially good job with helping the reader to feel how hard it was for Harry to have to deal with the way that everyone treated him during this year.  Another great work!
 I do not think there is a need to rate the story itself considering the immense popularity of it.  This review is for those who produced the audio book.<br/><br/>Like in the two Harry Potter stories before this one, Jim Dale and company do an excellent job of relating this tale.  Mr. Dale has an amazing range of voices and never misses a beat as he hops from one character to another.  The listener forgets Mr. Dale is the lone reader and is immediately immersed in the story.  Buy this, listen, and then watch the movie.
 Arrived in 2 days!<br/>We love Harry Potter series
 This book was definetly the best book I have ever read. The author dosn't just give a great story, but she describes the characters at such great lengths that you feel like you know them by the end. The following books are equally good, they are a must read for anyone who can understand imagination and who can suspend their disbelief. The moment you open the book, it takes you to a different world, and that's what I love about it. I can't wait until the next book comes out. Take my advice, and read this book. I would also advise buying it, because you probably will want to read it more than once!
 Illustrated version even better than original.
 Looks great. Great story too.
 In the third installment in the Harry Potter series Rowling drops Harry into his third year at Hogwarts after a difficult summer with his nasty relatives the Dursley's who give Harry a long and tiresome summer holiday filled with yelling, and an unpleasant visit from an aunt who gets more than she bargained for from the young wizard who does not deal well with ugly mutterings from a smug muggle (non-wizard or witch) about his parents.<br/><br/>After an exciting exit from his Uncle's home Harry begins a school year at Hogwart's where he finds out that an escaped convict is after him, between this;  dark magic, Hermione getting a 'homicidal' new cat this is after Ron's mouse and trying to save one of Hagrid's skin crawling creatures from extinction, this Harry Potter book was my favorite one in the series thus far.<br/><br/>For more of my reviews check out my blog at www.booksalicious.blogspot.com
 I guess if Cedric Diggory had just keeled over of a heart attack that would have been just death and GRIEF.  In fact, he was senselessly killed because he was in the way of someone who is questing for power at any cost. So I'd say that has to qualify as evil.  And Harry is no longer "sweet, heroic Harry."  Well, as Lupin and Sirius told Harry--"the world isn't divided into good people and Death Eaters" read "bad people."]  Harry isn't perfect, his father wasn't perfect, Dumbledore isn't perfect--and Snape isn't entirely bad. (Although Malfoy IS entirely bad--and he's getting boring.) That's just reality.  To me it gives depth, complexity, interest, emotion, heart, flesh and blood to the story--within the constraints of children's fantasy novel.  (It ain't Dostoevsky--nor should we expect it to be.)  I do agree however that J.K. Rowling needs to find an editor who can tell her "no."  I agree that the housecleaning went on way too long and that the whole thing should have been a lot tighter.  Still and all I think she's plumbing new and fascinating depths for a children's book.  And it seems to me a lot of the difficulties with this book stem from what seem to be plot set-ups for what's to come.  So I'm waiting to look at all seven books as a whole before I weigh in on the question fully.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and I'm anxious for more.
 I was a gift for my nephew. He loved it. It arrived perfectly well, and the illustrations are beautiful
 It's Harry Potter. It's my favorite book series of all time. I could read it over &amp; over &amp; never  grow tired.
 A great book to read together with my 7 year old. We had a lot of fun with it every night!
 Absolutely marvellous!! Living all my childhood memories and enjoying every bit of it. Thanks to the author to create the magical world of Harry Potter.
 School
 Great first book to a series!  The characters are wonderful. Can’t wait to read the next book in the series!
 My daughter loved it
 Fanática de todos los libros. Decidí comprarlos en español, está vez para leerselos a mi hija cada noche.
 awesome af
 Perfect gift for any Ravenclaw/true HP fan!
 Great illustration book for a classic book!
 Beautiful book. My 5 year old son loved the pictures and we loved reading together.
 It was a great read again.. I don't understand why we have to write so many words in a review
 Just gorgeous! I did not expect it to be this amazing. All the detail and quality that really went into this book, is simply breath taking and I could not be happier as a RavenClaw to own this lovely edition!
 Kiddo loves
 This chapter in the Potter book might not be the best in the series, but overall it is a very fun read. One of the biggest knocks about this book is that Harry is so angry all the time, but that is how 15 year old teenagers act.<br/>The major villian in this book (Unlike the other novels in this series) can mirror someone in your life at any given time. It is not the magic with this character is scary, but the need to control what you think and do.<br/>This book also feels more of a setup to six and seven. Book five is much better the second time.
 I went through this fascinating book in all of two readings and was clutched to the edge of my seat for the entire trip.  Reading this book was better than watching television.  JK Rowling has outdone herself again with a spectacular writing that will have you laughing and then shriveled up with fear within the spread of a few pages.  Please do your inner self a service by picking up this (and the others) book and reading it soon!  You won't regret it!
 My favorite of the Harry Potter series.  Harry begins to act more like a teenager and his skills are growing. Definitely recommend this book
 Being a huge fan of the books, I was a little sceptical about getting the audio version. I love hearing and visualizing in my own mind as I read. I have to say that Jim Dale is wonderful on this and the other recordings. He really brings the characters to life, and his flexible voice changes for each character. Highly recommended for traveling or those who have a hard time reading printed books.
 The book became interesting the farther you got. Toward the end it was hard to put down.<br/>Excellent twists and turns.
 This is a great book to listen to while I quilt. I absolutely love the narrator’s voice!!
 Came as expected. Great condition.
 Harry Potter is perfection :).
 Cuz I love it i like it all and I recommend it to anyone.<br/>It was great read it it's the best of all time.
 JK Rowling has done it again!  I thought things couldn't get any wilder after reading Prisoner of Azkaban, boy was I wrong.  I am a twenty year old college junior and I love these books.  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  was phenomenol!  There is so much in it I can begin to explain it all.  The same creative imagination behind all her other books is in this one,  the themes of friendship, honor, and sheer bravery are displayed well.  The  only thing about this book is it does have an edge to it where Voldemort  returns and he's really nasty, but individual kids can determine for  themselves whether they can handle it or not.  I read this book within 36  hours and the last seven chapters I could not put down.  This book four is  a winner and now I am eagerly anticipating book five!  Help!
 Beautiful pictures in a classic!
 Wow, what a great book!  I have read all of the HP books and this is by far the best.  This is one of those books you just can't put down.  The language in this book is a little more difficult than the previous 4, but there is so much action it just keeps moving.  As a teacher, I would say the reading level of this book is about 6th grade.  It is definitely not as scary and bloody as the 4th book.  Younger students could read it but may have difficulty with some vocabulary.  I hope JK does not wait 2 years for the next book...I might go crazy.<br/>John Kashka
 Anything Potter is a win!
 Beautiful!
 This books appeals because it deals with appearances and beliefs and whether we should question them.
 Fantastic! I can't wait to get the Second book in this edition. The moving illustrations were a very beautiful touch!
 22nd he the Yeh two 2 the UK, and I am not sure what to expect. The comments. I am a
 Amazing
 The International Quidditch Cup, the Triwizard Tournament, and a touch of evil.  This volume was over 700 pages of dark, nasty reality.  People die, there is racism and scenes that remind me a tad of Nazi Germany.  I can't help it, I work at the Holocaust Museum in DC.  Fantasy sometimes has danger, in the forms of dragons and demons, but the Death Eaters remind us of real problems and dangers we face just being human.  Maybe it's a good thing, a way to bring children who read the series into the real world that they live in?  It certainly adds a touch of realism to the series - but I don't want realism in my fantasy, thank you.  This book tries crossing from the field of fantasy into that of horror.<br/><br/>If you liked the movie the book IS better - more details, better character development and even more history of the magical school that is Hogworts.  Also it starts touching on the links between the characters - friendships seem to be turning into romances.<br/><br/>Addition - This is where I stopped reading the books the first time around so all reviews after this about the series will be from first reads.  In rereading the forth book I feel the darkness is somewhat understandable.  The magically world of Harry Potter is somewhat dangerous and the dangers the students are sometimes exposed to makes sense in a way.  School, after all, is to prepare the students for the world they will live in and work in.  So during the reread I was not as put off by how dark it seemed.  But how do people who come to watch the games see what is happening under water or within the maze?<br/>And in the movie, for some reason, made one visiting school an all girl school and one school an all boy school.  Never understood why.  To bring in the horny teens?
 For a first novel, I have to say that J K Rowling really knows how to glue her readers to her story. The characters are believable, the story is just excellent, especially the miror of erised chapter which is probably one of the best in the whole series.<br/><br/>Not only is it a great book, but we get to see how Jo Rowling started plotting her whole series and we get to see all the little clues and details that eventually not only influence the future books, but also important elements coming back in the last chapters of the series.<br/><br/>A great beginning for a great author.
 My seven year old daughter and I are thoroughly enjoying this book. I have read the book through because I couldn't wait to see what happens myself. It is a fun, heartwarming book that is so imaginative I smile when I think  of it. We can't wait to read the sequels. What a pleasant way to put my  daughter to bed each night. Thank you Ms. Rowling! Imagination and  Creativity and Excitement  begin to describe this great book. I'd say the  age levels should be 7 on up!
 The book was something of a disappointment.  There are<br/>many bells &amp; whistles near the beginning indicating that<br/>something great is going to happen, but at the end it is<br/>not a great event.<br/>Fred &amp; George Weasley's humour is perhaps the best part<br/>of the book.  Zacharias Smith also intrigued me, but<br/>Rowling apparently forgot he was there after a few<br/>chapters.<br/>Professor Umbridge is funny and (nastily) interesting.<br/>But the real conflict is not between Harry &amp; Voldemort,<br/>but between Harry's friends who know Voldemort is a real<br/>threat, and the corrupt and incompetent politicians in<br/>the Ministry of Magic who want to deny that, because it<br/>might upset their own comfortable applecart.<br/>I don't think JKR was quite in control of her own<br/>materials for some part of this book; perhaps too much<br/>fame too soon, or maybe the story I heard about dis-<br/>covering a character who shouldn't be there yet and<br/>having to revise the book from the beginning.  (Not sure<br/>if that's a true rumor, but I heard it.)<br/>Anyway, I hope books 6 &amp; 7 will be better.  In my opinion,<br/>books 3 (Prisoner of Azkaban) &amp; 4 (Goblet of Fire) are<br/>the best in the series so far.  Also, I love the charac-<br/>ters, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore, Hagrid, McGonagall,<br/>etc.  I wonder what the books would be like if they<br/>hadn't achieved so much fame so early on?  I suspect they<br/>would all 7 be published by now, and they might be a bit<br/>shorter.<br/>Anyway, all good wishes to J.K. Rowling.  Is she perhaps<br/>just a bit similar to Sybill Trelawney?
 ...  Having just finished this morning, I feel very depressed - it was a very dark book - really no happy, fun moments for anyone - a total downer.  I miss the beautiful exciting scenes of the first dinner at Hogwarts, Diagon Alley, Hogwarts itself, etc.  In this book, it's the dark  Ministry of Magic &amp; 12 Grimmauld Place - horrible venues and the news just gets worse &amp; worse for Harry.  ...  Still feel it was well written, but can't shake of this feeling of malaise &amp; dissappointment after finishing it.
 Just a few comments.  Rowling is one of the finest story tellers, ever.  I have to admit seeing all of the films except the last - and thinking why not read the books first.  The best decision I could have made.  There are layers and layers of details, texture, character devlopment and plot details that never made it into the film.  If you want to understand things like emotions, motivation, and really understand why things unfold the way they do in later books and movies..read this book.  And I do agree (so far) with other readers.  This has one of the most engaging, well-paced stories of the series.  Highly recommend.<br/><br/>Plus, there's a whole Quiddich tournament in here that isn't in the movie.
 thank you
 Harry Potter looks like your ordinary eleven-year-old kid, and has it much worse than a typical one. Orphaned as a baby, Harry got stuck with his Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon Dursley, plus his cousin Dudley, the most spoiled and horrible pig of a boy on the planet. With them, Harry leads a miserable existence, until one day an owl brings him a mysterious letter. What the letter contains opens an entirely new world for Harry, one that begins with this enchanting first book in the series.<br/><br/>I came to the Harry Potter series quite late; I didn't read them as a kid due to the witchcraft controversy, and just never got around to it after that. I finally bought Sorcerer's Stone for my Kindle to see what all the fuss was about...and because, I admit, I've always wanted a little magic in my life in some form. J.K. Rowling does not disappoint. Her writing is geared toward children, so there are some things I would normally object to, such as telling over showing, narrative summary, and the use of adverbs to describe how people do and say things. But again, considering the audience, I'm inclined to let that stuff slide.<br/><br/>The story itself is, as I mentioned, enchanting. Harry has the perfect pair of eyes through which to view Hogwarts for the first time. Reading this book felt like starting at a new school myself--everything is new and different, there are new friends and adversaries to meet, and adventure waits everywhere. J.K. Rowling does a beautiful job describing and presenting the Hogwarts environment. Harry, Ron, and Hermione deal with typical middle school stuff, such as strict teachers and school bullies. But how many other kids do you know who also bond over getting a mountain troll out of the girls' room? Playing a literally killer game of chess? Smuggling a dragon onto the school roof so it can be transported to safety? Each mini-adventure and plot point is excellently done.<br/><br/>As for the characters, they're engaging and incite plenty of empathy. This is especially true and important for protagonist Harry. In the beginning, he naturally incites a lot of pathos, but this boy is not a victim. Once he gets his legs under him, and his self-esteem gets a needed boost, he becomes quite the little hero without being obnoxious about it. My favorite scenes definitely involve him standing up to Draco Malfoy, especially for other students like Neville.<br/><br/>Ron gets a chuckle every now and then, although he's frustratingly impulsive at times. Basically, he's the kind of kid you just want to hug. As for Hermione, I can see her becoming one of my fictitious soul sisters. Like her, I was a diligent and perfectionist student, though I hope for my classmates' sake I wasn't quite that much of a know-it-all. Like Hermione, I also struggled with making friends, but those I have are friends for life. (I'm not gonna lie; I'm kind of mad and disappointed that this isn't the Hermione Granger series).<br/><br/>J.K. throws in a couple of twists at the end; they're nothing an adult couldn't figure out, but they are enjoyable. I also loved the trio's final adventure as they searched for the Stone, particularly Hermione's talent at solving the logic puzzle. Other highlights for me included the Mirror of Erised, Harry's first Quidditch game against Slytherin, and Hagrid himself, a well-drawn secondary character. He sort of acts as Harry's fairy godfather...or should that be hairy godfather?<br/><br/>For any parents who might be wondering about the witchcraft element: No worries. What's here is downright tame, if it exists at all. It's mostly kids waving wands around, changing matches into needles, and learning how to fly on broomsticks. The scene in the Forbidden Forest involves some talk of astrology and the slaying of a unicorn, but nothing too intense. Personally, I'm ready to put on my Ravenclaw robes, pick up my fictional wand (beechwood with unicorn core, 10.5 inches, slightly springy) and read the next book.
 Received damaged
 Received this yesterday and it's just as beautiful and well made as his prior two books. Definitely recommend.
 Recommended
 Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone - J.K. Rowling - The Illustrated Edition.<br/><br/>  My wife and I have read all the Harry Potter books as they were published. Somewhere we have a stack of those books - fondly remembered but without any motivation to retread those stories until...I saw the new illustrated edition.<br/><br/>  My old Scholastic paperbacks were mass produced on inexpensive paper - were practical and served their purpose adequately.<br/><br/>  The illustrated edition - art work by Jim Kay - is a handsome book in so many respects. It an oversized hardbound 9 x 11 - with many striking full page color illustrations that bring the Sorcerer's Stone story to life - oh yes it has a sewn in red cloth bookmark. This book is beautiful to look at and the wonderful illustrations are true to the spirit of the story.<br/><br/>  I could not resist buying the book and we are now motivated to re-read this wonderful story. I pre-ordered the next book - "Chamber of Secrets" and intend to purchase the entire series. Someday they may make a treasured gift to a grandchild but for now we will enjoy them.
 This, as with the previous Potter books is a wonderful work of literary art.  It'a a great adventure that even those who find themselves "book-challenged" will enjoy.  Bookworms, on the other hand will find Rowling has the writing talent of the greats before her.  Her use of literary tools and imagery, her attention to character development and adhereance to her self-created wizard mythology is amazing.<br/><br/>Reading Harry Potter and becoming engrossed in Rowling's world as I have been, I find myself going to revist other favorite fiction works, like the Narnia series, Lord of the Rings, Once and Future King, etc.  I hope that young readers,encouraged by their love of Harry Potter will be inspired to read other great literature too.<br/><br/>Hats off once again to Ms. Rowling on yet another wonderful Harry tale!
 How can a boy change so much over the summer.  This book begins the summer after the fourth book leaves off.  Within that time Harry Potter goes from being a well mannered and yet mischievous young man to being a spoiled, self centered, and often hard to like, child.  Finally, literature has come out with a male character who experiences PMS just like girls do.  There are some good parts like bringing back Lupin for one, and seeing some of Snapes childhood, it is interesting.  I hope the next one is better because had this been the first book in the series I don't think the publisher would have bought it.  The book is a must read if you follow the series and want to understand some key points but the book is disappointing.  Nobody is perfect including the author of this book.
 In her latest volume of this exceptional series, J.K. Rowling has once again delivered a book to delight both children and adults. While very long, not a word could be cut. Like each of the others, this continued tale  of the adventures of a fledgling wizard is a fun-filled, humor-filled,  adventure-filled page turner that will hold any reader's attention through  to the end. Harry continues his battle against the evil of Lord Voldemort,  and continues to uphold the values of loyalty, integrity, honesty, and  fairplay well enough to make any morally-minded parent more than happy.
 Where to start with an 870-page novel that brings us once again into the world of our beloved hero Harry Potter?  How about with the fact that our hero of old is getting older and turning into a real teenager?<br/>While I admit that it depresses me to see Harry so depressed, and in fact I was downright angry that Harry seems to have morphed into an even more selfish brat, it is only after I finished that I realized that he is modern youth.  Harry is growing up and this is his transcription of growth.  Ms. Rowling has captured male adolescence with such an accurate view that it pains me to read this brooding self-loathing fifth installment of our young hero.<br/>Harry starts out as he does at the beginning of every year, at the Dursley's house of torment, only this year, Harry is changing.  Gone are the days of easy simple luck and easy heroics, Harry is starting to pout because it isn't going his way.  What he learns through the course of this book is the life lesson we all learn at one point or another, sometimes it isn't always about you.<br/>In the course of this weighty novel, we watch as Harry goes from hero to zero, from having a hold on things to breaking apart inside and out.  Will Harry be able to pull through this one?  Can he survive the biggest loss of all?  More importantly, is he ever going to learn to control that temper of his?<br/>I must confess, Harry's new attitude has taken a sour note with me.  I find myself bothered by people who think that it is okay to treat others with contempt and let their tempers get the best of them.  I find that Harry rarely receives the appropriate discipline and that even in the end of this well-crafted and riveting story, he still finds himself being rewarded for the wrong things and commended for the attitude he should not be holding on to.  How can a boy retain his friends when he shows no appreciation for them?  Don't get me wrong, I can completely understand his feelings and see his point of view, but I have to agree with Phineas' last chapter statement regarding Harry (SPOILER) when he says "Never try to understand the students.  They hate it.  They would much rather be tragically misunderstood, wallow in self-pity, stew in their own -"<br/>Granted Harry is growing up, but where is his conviction?  Where is his heart?  How can a young man so full of rage really win over the "Dark Lord?"  I thought the game was love &gt; evil?  Not anger = passion &gt; evil.  I suppose I'm confused.<br/>Despite its dark and brooding overtones, it is still a fabulously well written book, and I did not put it down until I had completed it.  While I feel that Harry is really a short-tempered spoiled (and undeniably lucky) brat, Ms. Rowling has done little to endear him to me in this novel, if anything, I was left with a bit of a bitter taste in my mouth towards him by the time the last page closed.  This book has its moments and I'll continue to read the rest of them, I just feel that we aren't reading the same things we started with.
 This book is amazing! I am at a loss for words! Highly recommend to all fantasy lovers! So awesome! Read it!
 Always a good idea to buy Harry Potter. Book was in perfect condition.
 This book is wonderful for adults and children of all ages. Epic fantasy mystery and adventure await those who delve these pages.
 Watched the HP movie first, never thought the book could be so much interesting. HArry Potter fans, do get the illustrated edition, which is so fun. Happy reading!!!
 I loved reading this book as much as I love reading all the Harry Potter books.  They are great even when you re-read them multiple times.
 The tri-wizard contest came at a time when I, as a reader, was getting tired of reading about Quiddich.  :)  I loved this book and the book iteslf was long enough to get to know the characters and really care about the wizards in the contest!  Rowlings knows how to write kids - I thought it was brilliant.  I am not going to summarize the story because it has been done so many times in these reviews!  Great book!!!
 Was told that a kid had drew all over the front of the book
 Just Incredible...coming from a movie first then book fan, icing on the cake...a real eye opener on scenes that didn't make the movie...
 Beautiful illustration really brought the story to life. Got it for my 6 year old and he loves it!
 I love this so much! The illustrations are amazing. It will be exciting to get one each year. A must have for an Harry Potter lover!
 These books are well made, heavy, large, and GORGEOUSLY illustrated.  Worthwhile for any Harry Potter fan, and a fantastic gift at this price!
 Excellent Narrator. He does a great job distinguishing different characters through voices which makes listening to this fantastic story all the more entertaining.
 Read these books at leastv10 times in hardback.  Love having them with me all the time.  My tablet is my horcrux =-)
 Truly my favorite  book in the Harry Potter series. A real page turned and one of those books that's worth rereading again and again.
 The story is great, but the artwork of this edition makes it worth reading the book again. I suggest reading on the Kindle Fire to fully appreciate the art.
 Exactly what we wanted. Arrived in time for Christmas! Thanks!
 Very good quality
 Amazing book with very detailed illustrations! A very unique version of this classic book!
 I heard that this was a good series, couldn't have been more spot on! The reading on the device was just as easy as a real book. Will continue reading with it!
 What can I say?  Rowlings has done it again.  I cannot believe that as an adult I can become so engrossed in a child's book (and I read regularly).  Harry Potter continues to grow up.  He has developed some annoying attitudes but those clear up.  Rowlings continues to taunt us with a little bit more information about Harry's destinty that makes me ready for the next book.  A definite must for Harry Potter fans!  However, if you haven't read the first four, it might be better to start at the beginning.
 The Carol of Harry's Heart<br/><br/>The is the best book so far and every time you think you have JK Rowling figured out, she throws you off into another dimension.  I have already read the sixth book, however this one and Chamber of Secrets are my favorites. There are so many rich, convoluted themes running behind one another and beside one another. The despair in Harry's belief that Sirius will return as a ghost brought tears to my eyes. How one woman can carry within herself the feelings so many of us have and write them in such a way so those feelings become almost of a physical nature. As if you could touch them with your hands.<br/><br/>And at 12 midnight tonight, we will all discover what happens to Harry and the friends he cherishes so much. So this is what I think may happen:<br/><br/>In book four, there is a gleam of triumph in Dumbledore's eyes. As awful as this is that Voldermort shares the same blood of Harry which includes the blood of Harry's mother, it makes Voldermort "more human" for Harry to destroy.<br/><br/>In book five, Dumbledore tells Harry it is love which is Harry's greatest power. Dumbledore tells Tom (Voldermort) his greatest weakness is that he does not believe there are things worse than death.<br/><br/>Harry's love will destroy, not kill Voldermort, and Voldermort will become horribly maimed and crippled. Harry will take great pity on him and this act will cause a magic which will transform Voldermort into a green Phoenix. The same color of Harry's eyes.<br/><br/>In book five, two of the broken prophesies state; "At the solstice will come a new . . ."and none will come after."  Does this mean a new dawn of good triumphing over evil?<br/><br/>And there is the debt owed to Harry from Peter Pettigrew. Peter will find a horcrux for Harry to destroy or he will help defend Harry.<br/><br/>Longbottom and Lovegood will end up together and that there will be three houses left instead of four.<br/><br/>Snape is the most difficult to predict because you have to remember that it was he who caused the death of the woman he loved. Each time he looks at Harry, he sees the man he loathed and the woman he loved. In a way, he is a tortured soul with no one to turn to.<br/><br/>A splendid, splendid marvel of literature and one that stands up in its own right.
 Audible fun
 Great pictures, big book, hope they continue for all seven books. Even as an adult I'd love the pictures. Jim Kay is a great artist.
 Was a Christmas gift and he loved it.
 I have had this book on the shelf to read for a while and finally picked it up and read it.  Let me say from the minute I picked it up I didn't want to put it down.  It was truely a book for all ages, and thoroughly well written.<br/>I can't wait to read the rest of the series, I am hooked now and there is no stopping me.  I can't wait to have children to read these stories to.
 good
 I like that this is a calm book in the series where Harry gets to know his diseased family and their friends. I’m feeling his sorrows and expectations and feel with him every time something goes bad.
 This book was long, and had some slow spots, but it had some great redemption and action sequences. It is continuing to set the scene for the finale.
 I tried not to hold out hope that the 4th book could top the 3rd, but JK Rowling has done it again.  This book is phenomenal. I read the last 200 pages straight through and could not put it down.  She is masterful at  introducing new "magical concepts" early in the book and then  using them later to advance the story.  I thouroughly loved this book and  can't wait for the 5th!
 I purchased this book for my sister-in-law as a birthday present. When I received it in the mail, I flipped through it and became immediately jealous that I did not order one for myself. The cover does not do this book justice. Once I opened the book, I was enamored with the beautiful, very detailed illustrations. It was so cute seeing how Hagrid was drawn in this style, and he was probably my favorite illustration in the entire book. If you are a comic book lover, or a Harry Potter lover, you will find this book quite satisfying to read. I definitely can't wait to purchase one that I can keep. I hope they make these for all of the Harry Potter books, because they are amazing. It astounded me how much detail went into these artworks curated around the story. You can tell a lot of time was poured into this book, and I think that alone makes the price worth it. I know that this book is slightly expensive, but I honestly would have paid more for it because the quality is so phenomenal. I love that it is hardcover, because it seems so fitting for such a colorful, artistic book. Now here's to waiting for the next one! I am sure it will be just as wonderful! If I could give this book six stars, I absolutely would. Fantastic book! So glad I purchased it.... but as I said, I wish I would've bought one for myself too!
 Beautiful illustrations! Bought this to read to my 5 year old son who loves Harry Potter.  It is worth every penny spent!
 The quality of the book is good however I received it with the front cover and first 10 or so pages cut through the middle as if a knife or a cutter has been used
 I grew up reading all the OZ books, and read them repeatedly. And could read them all again.  I have now read all three of these books twice over in the space of 2 months.  Never thought I'd find tales and characters that  captured me like this.  The magic she creates in our minds, the images, the  characters - all make you wish you could attend Hogwarts, too.  Great  reading for all ages.
 Great books!
 Great Book<br/>Like how it written<br/>Harry is my hero<br/>Looking forward to the next series<br/>Thank you very much
 The large print is just more fun to read
 My son enjoyed the animations in this book and has become a Harry Potter fan.  Hopefully they will animate the rest of the books as it was a bit of a letdown to find out this is the only book so far with animations.
 I know nearly every word by heart, that's how much I love this series.  Honestly, I've never read them.  Instead, I've listened to Jim Dale's amazing interpretation as he's brought each character to life, changing his voice as they age, imitate others, or change moods.  He has invented voices for minor characters, major characters that run throughout the series, and creatures we mere muggles have never heard of, which has earned him multiple places in the Guinness Book of Records for creating more voices for a series.  I bought these CD's because, frankly, I'm wearing out the tapes I bought when the books first came out.  Yes, I'm an addict, but I haven't found a HPA (Harry Potter Anonymous) group to join.  To be honest, I'm not sure I'd join if I found one.
 Beautiful illustrations!
 Absolutely stunning images on nearly every page. I just wish it came with Jim Dale pre-recorded and narrating every page. :)
 What's not to love!  It's Harry Potter.  Can't wait to buy the next one.
 Good book excellent condition
 Fantastic characters and amazing story. This is now one of my favorite series along with Illusions and Shadows!
 Bought for my daughters birthday -- beautiful!
 A little long for delivery but for the price and the condition of the book was so worth it! It looks brand new!
 It's the traditional HP story, but it has simply beautiful illustrations. I gave it as a gift, and I want one for myself.
 This book is so beautiful! A great way to re-read a favorite story!
 I was disappointed in how much time JKR spent developing the new character, the predictably bad Defense against the Dark Arts professor.  I thought the climax was hastily rushed through and lacked the depth of her earlier books.  I enjoyed the vivid writing throughout - and it's fun to see Harry continue his quest, even if some of the path's seem a bit too well worn and predictable.  Not a bad book, but not quite on par with the first 4.
 Buckbeak
 The entire series is just amazing. So many life lessons for kids and adults alike. At 40 I still can’t put it down. I can not recommend this book enough.
 My boyfriend loved
 Love these books
 OK, so disclaimer. I am a huge HP fan and have read all of the books multiple times over. I also love the movies (with a few exceptions due to lack of accuracy). I bought this for my husband who I got hooked on the movies. I kept telling him he HAD to read the books because there was so much information that he was missing. He had zero interest in reading the entire series (he's not big into reading), but said he would listen to the books on tape. We listen to it when we go on long trips or he will listen while sitting in the pickup waiting for me to finish buying groceries at Wal-Mart. I have a hard time with it because I have read the books so many times, the characters, their voices, and even how things are said are very well defined in my mind. And it's nothing like how the narrator has chosen to present it. His voices, for females especially, are rather annoying. My husband is really enjoying it because he is getting all sorts of new information that was left out of the movies, it's just not my cup of tea.
 Great Pictionary! Artist gave life to the most intriguing story depicted by one of the wonderful author. Cant wait to see the next installment.
 The recipient was thrilled with this fine book.
 Beautiful book! I have been reading this to my young children and they love looking at the pictures.
 Omg omg omg!!!!! Worth the wait!!!! I am literally jumping up and down. It is so beautiful the illustrations are phenomenal. 😍😍😍
 It is amazing! What more can I say? I love reading it more than my kid does!
 The illustrations are beautiful. I like how the book is larger and the pages are nice and thick. Definitely worth the price!!
 Great addition to my collection of Harry Potter books that I can't read.
 Beautiful and awesome
 When my 7 year old started reading beginning chapter books, I was hopeful that she would finally be able to sit still long enough to listen to Harry Potter.  She did not disappoint: my voice is horse from reading late into the nights for the last two!  The quality of the writing has been analyzed extensively over the years, so I won't delve into that.  These illustrated versions are very high quality (the binding seems rock solid) and the pictures are quaint.  They are, however, in the line of Neil Gaiman's illustrated version of Stardust: they don't steal the show, the augment it.  There are occasionally excellent full scale pictures of Dumbledore, the Hogwarts Express, etc., but for the most part the pictures are there to provide that extra touch of detail, while still letting your imagination do the heavy lifting.<br/><br/>I think the first three books are no-questions-asked buy the illustrated copies, at least for any newcomer or for those who thoroughly enjoy Harry Potter.  Family friendly art and literature, all in one.
 I love the book. Yes it does has less illustrations than the first two, but I’m not surprised as the books for the first two “years” are the same length as the third “year” alone. This pattern will continue I think. Still, it is a great collection.<br/><br/>I have the same complaint as many amazon customers. The book was not packaged very carefully so the dust cover was beat up on the corners more than expected. Amazon does forget that items like this are purchased for collective purposes and sending them damaged isn’t acceptable.
 I really enjoyed the the Harry Potter books thus far. It felt like this book took a long time to get to the point.
 Fantastic story my son enjoyed .
 Illustrations are beautiful!  Great story. Great gift for harry potter fans of all ages!
 Came perfect and super fast
 I got  it for my grand daughter.I hope she likes the books.
 Gorgeous book. Love the illustrations. Can't wait for all of the rest to come out.
 To simplify/briefly explain my subjectivity, the condition is very flawless and is preferable since I am very paranoid/frivolous of my books......
 I liked it because it was enjoyable to read<br/>The best part in my opinion was the final chapter<br/>And I would recommend it to my friends
 Great book
 LOVED it, wanted MORE!! But then if you're a fan of the series, you always want *more*. Can't wait for the others to come out!
 I love the narration. Could listen all the time.
 The illustrations in this were beautiful.  I can't wait to see what the other ones will look like!
 As a literacy educator, I am in awe of Harry Potter and the effect he and his creator have had on reading for pleasure, especially, but certainly not exclusively, for young readers. I've spent a good deal of this past weekend  reading the fourth novel, Harry Potter nad Goblet of Fire (professional  research, you know) and I just have to say it: She's done it again! Rarely  does something that's had this much hype live up to its advance press, but  this novel certainly does. As a matter of fact, this novel lives up to that  hype throughout its 700-plus pages. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was  an exciting read for this old reading professor and promises to be even  more exciting (and empowering) for the younger readers among us. Thanks,  Jo. You're making my job a lot easier!
 Exactly as described! Perfect - and shipped quickly!
 ✌🏻
 Me llegó un día antes de lo estimado. Gracias, está perfecto.
 It’s impossible to put it down. The book seems charmed, as if done be Dumbledore himself. What a great book!
 Absolutely Gorgeous a must have for any Harry Potter fan.
 The Prisoner of Azkaban was full of action and magic. Unexpected twists and turns. I could not stop reading it. I sat down to read a couple of chapters this morning and just finished it tonight. I loved the ending! I recommend this book to anyone. Harry discovers the truth about the servant of Voldemort and the truth about Sirus Black. As Harry is getting older he is starting to face things that scare even the reader!! Spectacular!!!
 This review applies to this book and the other one I have read: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. A compelling and entertaining story with fresh twists and turns. Really, though, the whole series is a single story, so It would be better to start at the beginning and read through to the end. It's clear, for the most part, that the bad guys are bad and the good guys are good, but Rowling does muddy the waters sometimes in a manipulative way. This applies to Snape, who seems to be a Slytherin baddie, but eventually turns out to be a self-sacrificing hero. It's ironic that fundamentalist Christian groups--not true Christians at all--have objected to the witchy trappings of the stories, considering that the whole story is a Christian allegory, with the Chosen One offering himself for sacrifice at the end and then is resurrected. It cannot be an accident that, in an age of declining readership, so many have read Rowling's stories.
 Harry Potter will forever be a favorite. No matter how old I get.
 This is probably the most graphic of the Potter novels, but I was not as quickly drawn in or impressed with the thrill aspects of the work. As an  adult, I expect this to be fitting into formula. What has been so  refreshing over three books, Rowling's sense of adventure and joy in  writing, is not as evident here. The prose is heavier, and she relies a  little much on standard-issue storyline development.<br/>I liked the book  greatly, but it just seemed like it wasn't up to speed with the first  three. Those are some high expectations, which are ultimately met timidly.
 It was so alive and very realistic. I feel like the book sucked me into it. I highly recommend this book to 7 years and older because there is some Violence and some cussing.
 Amazing art work to showcase an amazing storytelling by Rowling
 Beautifully illustrated addition to the Harry Potter collection.
 The sheer size of this book amazed me, but in spite of the large number of pages, there's hardly one that is not important to the story or just plain interesting.  When I thought one chapter couldn't be topped, I was proved  wrong.<br/>Except for some parts (very few!) everything just  flowed.  We  find out more about old friends and acquaintances, meet yet *another*  D.A.D.A teacher, and as ever, there are some surprise developments -- not  always happy ones though.<br/>"Harry Potter and the Goblet of  Fire" is definitely a must-read.  The Harry Potter story has just  gotten much more intense.  The young characters are growing up and things  are going to be harder for everyone.<br/>Now the wait for Book 5 -- which  seems to promise a reunion of "the old crowd", as Dumbledore  calls them, so it looks like another of my favorite characters is  returning!  Yes!
 Gift for granddaughter.  She was thrilled.  Beautifully illustrated.
 Girlfriend loved it. Wonderful design, very well made. Perfect gift for any harry potter fan.
 Perfect!
 My kids love the book, especially the pictures that move. It's nice having the Kindle edition so I'm not having to carry around a big book
 Super nice version :-D<br/>So far the best E-book version to be found.<br/>Can only recomend reading this.<br/>Just can’t wait for the next volume and hope for the same nice surprise.
 Beautifully illustrated.  My daughter read this book years ago, but we are enjoying it again with the illustrations.  She is 11 and loves it.
 Wow!  This version was fantastic.  I've always been a Harry Potter fan and love the story.  It's a great, fun story for kids and adults alike.  This year I decided I wanted to read it to my third grade class.  I decided to get the illustrated edition since it was just so beautiful and my students enjoy pictures with the books we read during Read Aloud time.  The illustrations in this edition are absolutely stunning!  Each one is done in gorgeous detail.  Even the pages with no illustrations have small details that turn them into works of art.<br/><br/>The paper is nice and thick as well, so no worries about it ripping.  The illustrations are in full color and completely wonderful!<br/><br/>As a heads up: the text seems to be the original british text.  There were a few words and phrases in there that my students were puzzled by, but that just led to wonderful discussions about how language can change between two countries.  My kids actually found it fascinating to listen for words and phrases that are not used here in the US.
 Just beautiful. A must have addition to any library
 Faithful readers of Harry Potter will not be disappointed in the latest installation of this series.  I started reading Saturday evening and finished late Sunday morning (I did sleep in between!).  Rowling packs all  kinds of great and magical happenings in the Goblet of Fire -- new  characters, new magical creatures, the return of old friends and enemies  and much, much more. The story is left more open at the end than in the  three previous story.  This of course make me already anxious for book 5!  I would recommend these books to kids of all ages -- 9 to 99.  I grew up  reading tons of kids books, and while I was never into fantasy books, my  mom (an elementary school librarian) suggested I give The Sorcerer's Stone  a try.  I haven't looked back since.  I hope everyone else enjoys book 4 as  much as I did!
 It is my five-year-old's first Harry Potter and he loves it! Just enough illustrations to help keep him focused but still the same great story!
 Book arrived on time and was as advertised. Glad to add it to my collection.
 After finishing with the second book I stayed waiting for more, I wanted more, until I finally got this one... And was a thousand times much better, darker storyline, more excitment, for real fans or just for people who like to read I recommend this Book, like in the other books before it, you will go to a magical world filled with monsters and secrets, secrets that you will have to understand the hard way... and much more<br/><br/>I give it 5 stars and as soon as you read it you'll see why
 This last Potter book was great, but, at the same time there was something missing.  I have two hypothesis:<br/>1. The three year wait and anticipation made us expect more than could be offered.<br/>2. There was not as much blunt "action" in the Pheonix book &amp; the description of the Dept. of Mysteries was average and not up to her creative abilities.  It was, no doubt, creative, but predictable creative, imaginings similar (I hate to say it) to my own imaginatio abilities.  And I love J.K. Rowling, so I hate saying all of this.<br/>These books are amazing and have created a world I would love to  live in somehow.  Her characters are complex (the movies do them no justice at all) and the scenery is entrancing.<br/>I will say, however, that I did have favorite parts: Umbridge was amazing (I hated HER, but she was a great character; I couldn't stop reading whenever she entered the page. Sirius was my favorite.  I had always imagined I was related to him.
 I loved the original Harry Potter books, The Prisoner of Azkaban being my former favorite. The Goblet of Fire is now my favorite of the four by far. This is The Empire Strikes Back, The Godfather 2 and The Terminator 2 of  the Harry Potter books, the story is a darkly satisfying tale documenting  Harry Potter's 4th year of Wizard school and the return of Lord Voldemort.  Rowling goes all out to write the story that needs to be told, instead of  trying to please all of her young and old readers a like with a happy and  predictable story. I could not put the book down, and ended up reading this  734 page novel in about 1 day. I recommend this to any fan of Harry, and  any fan of literature in general.
 Gorgeous and can't wait for the others to come out. Must have for a true fan
 I cannot say enough about how happy we are with this edition, and truly can't wait for the rest of the books!  Our seven year old was literally shaking with anticipation when I opened the box and immediately sat down and started reading.<br/><br/>The book is huge!  The text is in column formatting on the page which I enjoy and allows for even larger illustration.  The text is in traditional English instead of Americanized so you'll see neighbour rather than neighbor for example.  Though every page is not illustrated they are more frequent than I'd expected.
 Entertaining, yes. Downright riveting, in fact. Un-put-down-able, as ususal. But even the most rabid HP fan (and I'm one of them) has to admit that this is WAY WAY WAY too long. It took 200 pages just to get Harry to Hogwarts, and, I'm sorry, but Sirius's house is just not that interesting (certainly nowhere near as interesting as the Weasley's burrow). The first week at Hogwarts dragged on and on. And the whole 'Harry being misunderstood and oppressed' theme, while central to the story, was overemphasized to the point of predictability. Hmm...what will Umbridge do to him next, I wonder? By the time the whole Quidditch fiasco took place, I was no longer surprised -- instead, it was more like "yeah, got it, no one believes or likes Harry, he's getting screwed left and right, so when's this going to turn around already?" Don't get me wrong, this is still a magical, wonderful must-read, and I already can't wait for #6. I just wish Rowling would use a bit more editorial restraint. I mean, this was longer than #4, and that included the Quidditch World Cup. What did all the extra pages here give us? Detention with Umbridge? Another predictably awkward conversation with Cho? It feels like Rowling included too many B-sides here along with all those immensely enjoyable hit singles.
 Jim does a fantastic job narrating. Addicted already
 Harry potter fans rejoice!  I love everything about this book!  So fun to see the pages come to life in color as I read.
 I currently have the recordings to book 1-5, all have been excellent! I was especially looking forward to the reading of book 5 - when I read the book myself (when it first came out) I found it hard to read at times because Harry seemed so ANGRY all the time - so I was really looking forward to the experience of having someone else read it to me :) At first I found some of the voices (for certain characters) a bit distracting but by book 5 I have gotten use to this.<br/><br/>I have never purchased books on CD before but I love the HP series, so these seemed a good choice. Originally I got them to help me fall asleep at night but I often find I stay awake listening to the end of the CD - so I am not sure they were a success from that regard!<br/><br/>Book 5 has so much plot and side stories in it that (In my opinion) it was really nice to sit back and have someone else do all the work and just listen! I would not pick listening to the CD's over reading the books myself but the CD's are an excellent addition to my HP collection and I would say I enjoy them more than the movies - not to take anything away from the movies (Well with the exception of the third movie anyhow ....)<br/><br/>If you are a non-reader interested in having the full HP experience than I highly recommend purchasing the CD's
 Beautiful pictures with this edition!  A must for true Potter fans. My only complaint....the cover has a tear at the top.
 A wonderful children's story with a few good lessons about life, particularly about the power of love: "to have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever." I couldn't agree more: the confidence that comes from having  been loved and being loved is the seed of Harry Potter's greatness, and  ours, too.
 Easy read for distressing at the end of  long day. Keeps your attention and builds excitement from one chapter to the next!
 I love the Harry Potter series, &amp; thought the paperback I ordered was the illustrated copy. Nope. Returning. ☹
 No spoilers in this review. I just want to say that the Harry Potter series keeps getting better and better. Jim Dale's voice characterizations are so good and so distinct, that the audio book seems more like a radio play rather than a straight book reading.  I recommend the entire series and you can listen to them again and again.  Oh and the story is fantastic, too bad there's only two more books left.
 Bought this for my blind father.  He loved it! He read the book before he went blind and he said this was just as great!
 Great read for any age. From first page till the last, I was captivated. A great author. Wonderful series overall.
 I like everything about it. It takes you to another world where the rules are different and things are happening!
 Better than the movie. Wish I had read the books before
 Just for kids, or just for adults? _Harry Potter and the Order of the Pheonix_ has the most sophisticated and passion-inducing plot of the series. Through the thin veneer of broomsticks and teenage crushes, Hogwarts sees the rise of a fascist regime on its very own grounds. Harry faces a world terrified of war and renewed strife, filled with closed-minded, powerful people who would rather throw Dumbledore in Azkaban than look beyond their own front doors.<br/>Not for the nervous or faint of heart, _Order of the Pheonix_ shares the usual Harry Potter medley of fun and games mixed in with battles of good vs. evil, life vs. death, but the struggle against Voldemort is clearly becoming the main focus of the series. We see the last four years of strife finally catching up with Harry's psyche, and even catch a few long-awaited glances into the nobility, strength, and sheer power that is Dumbledore.<br/>This is a book of transition: transition for Harry from innocent youth to adulthood, transition for the wizarding world from safety into mortal peril, and transition for the series from fun-loving adventure to profound lessons and insights that both the characters and we the readers must acknowledge and confront about both the wizarding and the real worlds.
 Beautiful book, lovely pictures, good quality paper and dust cover
 LOVE THIS ONE!  As much as I love all the Harry Potter books, the illustrations are wonderful!  So glad I bought it.
 i absolutely love this book! It's everything I hoped for! Great illustrations, high quality paper, it just feels good.
 Everything about this book is awesome ☺ I never get tired of it! Will always love these books, can't wait to share them with my kids!
 Given to my daughter for Christmas. She loves it!
 Got this as a gift and the illustrations are beautiful.  Can't wait for the next one to come out!
 To me in my opinion from reading "Order of the Pheonix" the 5th book and reading the "Half-Blood Prince" the 6th book, this book "Goblet Of Fire" sets tragic and drama mixed perfectly and sets standards for the 5th and 6th book that were amazingly well written. To me as she progressed she has gotten better in every book but the 4th book is what sets off for the great 6th book in my opinion is the best book of the series.
 What an awesome book!  The illustrations are just fabulous, and I cannot wait to read this to my kids!
 LOVE the cover illustration! And the pages have that wonderful old-book smell. I could hardly wait to open it up. I would buy from this seller again.
 Wonderful!  My 24-year-old grand daughter relishes this book as will any of the many die-hard Harry Potter fans.
 I read the book with my seven year old and she loved the live animation, it made reading so much fun her!
 My kids Love these books.
 This is probably one of the best in the HP series! I won't spoil anything for the readers but I'll tell you that this story is so much more emotional than the previous books. The consequences are much more permanent and many characters from the previous books reappear and some have much larger roles. This book was worth the wait and I can't wait til book 6 comes out! Any fan of HP should get this now! Excellent!!
 I love the whole harry potter series. They all keep your attention and can't stop reading I've read this book 3 times more I highly recommend.
 -I liked the idea of the book and the plot and the way it is put together<br/>-I would recommend it to anyone who would like to read it<br/>-Harry Potter is one of the best book series I have ever read ❤️
 This book is competantly written and compares well with most children's books written today. BUT for plot, interesting magical events,  character development, and interesting dialog it cannot compare with E. Nesbit's,  Edward Eager's nor with C.S. Lewis's books! (for example: The Enchanted  Castle by E. Nesbit, Half Magic by Edward Eager, and the Narnia Series by  Lewis.)
 Rowling scores again with the same charm, humor, and magic that delighted readers in the first three books. The excitement and anxiety build throughout the book making it very difficult to put down. I greedily  finished the book in just one day.<br/>I appreciate a book that makes me  laugh outloud - but who can help laughing with someone like Dobby the  house-elf around... This is the most enjoyable children's series I have  read (and I have read quite a few). Even at 700+ pages, I wish the book had  been longer. I am already dreading the seventh book's arrival, because I  will miss Harry and his friends.
 It's an amazing book. The audio is very nice and the explanation is very beautiful.
 This was great for me to read with my little girl. She loved the illustrations and how they moved(for the kindle eddition).
 Niece loved. Beautiful hardcover.
 The art is beautiful!
 This book feels like one to keep forever and pass down to your children's children.  The illustrations are imaginatively conceived and lushly rendered.  When I received this, I immediately flipped through to see every one.  There are also some delightful additions of substantive content through the illustrations of trolls and dragon eggs.  The best part has been reading it to my 7 year old though.  As the younger sibling of a huge Harry Potter fan (his sister read and re-read the series 6 times in a year), he had seen all the movies by the time he was 6, but expressed no interest in reading or listening the books, despite several attempts.  (This is also a child who does not remember life before the iPad.)  But he is so captivated by the illustrations, he wants me to read to him every night.  He has gone from "why are there so many details?" to "this is so much better than the movies," and best of all, "Mom, whenever I am sad, please read this book to me."  What better recommendation could there be?  We can hardly wait for the rest of the series.
 Decent condition but book jacket is a bit frayed and the book looks old. Will keep it as it was discounted but not extremely happy about it.
 This was a gift for a 6 year old grandson. He loved it.
 great book..my daughter wanted it...
 The illustrations are fabulous, and of course, the story is magical!
 Oh you have to get this! Best thing since sliced bread! We can only beg for the remaining books to get the same treatmen!
 Gorgeous book. There is nothing else to say. I love reading this to my son. Well done.
 Got this for my husband, we love it!
 I live the Harry Potter series!!! So far this is my favorite book 📚 in the whole series!!! Worth Reading ⚡️😂
 I read these books to my kids when they were 4 now my oldest is a senior in collage.  Thank you
 This is the first time reading the Harry Potter books. The first one was so great! I can’t wait to get started on the next one!
 Stunning illustrations. I can't wait for the rest!
 100% worth it.
 This is my favourite instalment of the Harry Potter series by far - the plot is engaging and moves at a fast clip in comparison to later books (especially Order of the Phoenix and The Goblet of Fire), and Rowling has written her characters in such a way that it's impossible not to care about them. I've also made sure to order the UK Bloomsbury version so all the original language is intact.
 Fun read artwork is great. Worth they imo if youre thinking about buying this.
 I can't say enough good things about this book! The illustration is beautifu!
 Beautiful illustrations.  I liked this book so much I ordered another to give my son's family as a holiday gift
 Absolutely gorgeous artwork, it's nice and hefty. Can't wait for the next installment to come out!
 While the storylines of the first three parts of the Harry Potter series are basically the same, Joanna Rowling takes it one stap further in part four. Not the quidditch tournament, but a magic contest between three (international) wizard schools is the red line in the story. She also pays less attention to the obnoxious Dursley family and more to Voldemort.<br/>The Goblet of Fire is by far the most thrilling of the four parts. Harry is growing up and his opponents are more formiddable. This book seems to be directed to a more mature audience. Can't wait for part five!
 Listening to Jim Dale's narration of the Quidditch World Cup makes it all come to life, better than in the film. He is almost without peer. I can't imagine anyone else doing it. The conclusion of the book is effectively emotional and it all complements reading the book itself. Bravo!
 everything as described.<br/>Thank you very much
 Great book - well put together and illustrated
 Okay .
 Beautiful illustrations! This book is awesome!
 The book is beautifully illustrated and a great piece for children of all ages!
 The artwork is so beautiful and it really enhanced my re-read.
 My favorite of the series
 I liked this book because it was full of mystery and I like mystery<br/>I think the part that could use more improvement is the part where he gets piked to go to Hogwarts . I feel this part can use more emotion because I don’t feel the emotion harry is feeling .<br/>The other part that I thought that could use more emotion is when he looses 150 points for his team . There should be more emotion ! This is why I  give this book a four out of five stars . People that like magic not the princess magic but like superhero magic , like how they become super. But I think there was a part that J.K rolling did an absalout flop . The part when he finds out he is a wizard . That has like no emotion, harry is shown like it doesn’t matter to him that he is a wizard .
 Have read this series many times. Am almost eighty years old and "in my rocking chair and with tears in my eyes" with Alan Rickman I say "Always."
 Well written and impressive. The rereading is still so engaging and I could not step reading. Even I had read it already long time ago and know the story.
 Recently decided to re-read the series in English and found this seller' to be cost-effective and its state to be true to the description provided.
 Amazing quality.  The pictures are vibrant.  The book is a very nice size and makes a great collector item.
 Brought the magic to life!! I loved it, my son loved it. I would recommend to buy it for introducing the magical world to someone who has never read the book, but is a must for potter fans as well!
 Bought for child Christmas gift. Can't wait to read with my child to see all the great illustrations.
 Beautifully illustrated, I'm looking forward to sharing this it with my children. As long as they don't touch it of course.
 What a rock star that Jim Dale is!
 Love it!!! Gorgeous artwork. My husband pointed out this will be great to read to our future kids and I couldn't agree more :)
 Harry Potter. Enough said.
 What’s there to complain about? This third edition illustrated version of the Harry Potter series is awesome!<br/><br/>BRAVISSIMO!<br/><br/>The illustrations are large, crisp, colorful, and beautifully done.<br/>They are creative and whet your imaginations appetite!<br/><br/>Of course we know the story ( or maybe not ) But what I like is if you have not read the original book this book does a damn good job of filling you in on the story without the bUlk/length of pages.<br/><br/> I ordered mine shortly before Christmas and I don’t know what Hogwarts spell was cast upon my wallet, but I was able to receive this book for less than $20 with my prime shipping getting it here in two days! I was like “WOOT WOOT!”<br/><br/> I come back a week or two later and what I noticed is the price has climbed through the roof or it’s just not available on Amazon! So I certainly got lucky right before Christmas.<br/><br/> A true  Christmas miracle indeed
 Daughter loves it! Several times she has raved about the beautiful illustrations!
 Of course I can only say good things about J.K. Rowling &amp; Jim Dale (who so wonderfully brings the book to life) ... I love the story, I love the narration... the only thing that I noticed (having purchase all books on CD) ... is that the attention to detail, art and quality of the cover &amp; packaging is not as good as the previous sets... but still 100 % worth the purchase.
 Beautiful illustrations, such a fun addition to the collection!
 I can't seem to get enough of JK Rowling's wonderful writing.  Nor can I get enough of the brilliant reading performed by actor Jim Dale.  Every character has his or her own voice and style -- so clearly portrayed that I feel as if I am seeing and hearing each of the characters develop before my eyes and ears.<br/><br/>Outstanding.  Bravo.
 There’s nothing to dislike! My son loves the animation to the book. I hope all of them become available with kindle in motion!
 Even though it was 734 pages long, not one word of Harry Potter and the Goblet of fire is boring.  The whole story is basically about the strange happenings to do with the Triwizard Tournament, an competetition that  hasn't been held in a 100 years due to the death toll rising to high in  previous competitions. There are many other things going on too, dealing  with some particaurlly nasty teachers, handling biting skrewts in care of  magical creatures class, and getting up the nerve to ask a girl to the Yule  Ball. It is never dull, and the hundreds of pages will zoom by in no time.  Don't take my word for it though, ask anyone that's read it. They will all  tell you the same thing. This book is amazing.
 Beautiful illustrations and a wonderful book
 My kids are LOVING this!
 This is Rowling best book yet!  It starts with a bone chilling and misterious begining and it moves on to tell of the last month or so of  Harry's summer (with much fun for harry and readers alike).  A third of the  way through the book Harry finally heads of to school where he has many  adventures (including the cancelation of all Quiditch matches to make room  for the Tri-Wizard Tournament.Rowling craftily leads the plot to an  incredibly exciting climax that will have everyone reading it no matter  what the time or place is.  I really enjoyed this book and I think other  will to.  I wish Rowling would tell us more about McGonagle,Dumbledore, and  especially Snape, as their parts in the story are so big and crucial to  Harry and many others.<br/>  All in all; an awesome book!
 A fiction book I can read anytime in my life .<br/><br/>Rekindles the joy of my childhood.<br/><br/>Thank you mrs Rowling’s for such a tasteful and an imagination reminding me of my childhood .
 This is beautiful! Will be so great as a first book for kiddos who like lots of interesting and intricate pictures!
 Beautiful book! Glad I got it.
 Great! I gave this for a Secret Santa Gift and she loved it!
 I choose my rating because the book let's all types of people enjoy it and not just one type of people. I recommend this book the anyone who want to read an adventurous,funny,and magical book.
 Missing 50 pages at the end of the book and my return window is closed. Horrible misprint!
 Came in excellent condition!
 Beautiful book! Illustrations are amazing!
 Got this as a gift for my wife who grew up reading the Harry Potter series and she absolutely loves it!
 I love these books, I have all three, looking forward to getting the whole set.
 This book was more than I expected from J.K. Rowling, it is really exciting and amazing.  We can clearly see that Harry is growing up and that he's becoming a great wizard.  All the elements of the previous books are here and there many new things happening that don't let you put the book down until you finish reading it.  I hope we don't have to wait another 3 years for book 6...
 It's the Harry Potter you love, but with beautiful BEAUTIFUL illustrations.
 j.k. rowling has a way of being able to transport the reader into the world of hogwarts witchcraft and wizardry.  i read this in one sitting and couldn't wait for the next installment.  her attention to detail and foreshadowing is great especially for observant readers.
 Beautiful illustrations. Really makes the book come to life when you are reading it. The book was slightly larger in size than I was expecting.
 Having finished the book as quickly as my reading pace would allow, I have two big comments: I bet I would have liked this more if it were 200 pages shorter; and I really wish Harry would step back and "think" a bit more.  But, after the long wait for this text, I guess the length is a reward -- there is a lot of information for reading and rereading as we wait for number six.  And, of course, I realize that Harry is just 15 and that at times 15-year olds are confused and rebellious.  It's just that Harry is "special," and I expect him to come through everying (even puberty) with intelligence and courage.
 This is the best book series I've ever read. Bought this specific book for my nephew to finish his collection.
 The artwork makes this classic even more wonderful.
 My 8 year old loves this. Wish this was available when my two older kids were younger. My daughter is not fully into books without pictures so this book is very helpful and keeps her interest.
 It is a great book! You just cannot put it down towards the end. I recommend it for ages 0-100.
 The artwork in this book is wonderful!
 My Grandson loves this book. (12)
 The down load did not work properly could only get 4 chapters
 Great read! Unexpected twists and turns in the story that keep you engaged and wanting to read more and more.
 At age 68 I recently decided to renew my brief high-school acquaintence with Latin so picked up a copy of Wheelock's Latin (another superb book)and jumped right in. By Chapter 14 (out of 40), I wanted to tackle something a little more meaty and different than the Wheelock exercises, but certainly not the classics yet. Harrius Potter is currently filling that bill very well. The Latin is obviously not a perfect translation, but close enough that the English version is a good check when I need a hint.  At my re-learning stage, it's dictionary-heavy work (Cassell's and/or Chambers Murray work fine) and it forces me to jump ahead for grammar items not yet covered in my normal progression...both good things. And, of course, it's a good story.
 Probably one of my favorite Harry Potter books.  As the middle book in the series it is pivotal and sets the stage for all the books to follow.
 Yes, I love Harry Potter books. Not that I think they are literary masterpieces, but still they entertain me immensely. I especially like the funny little details Rowling has created, like all the funny animals, foods, jokes...<br/>This one is the most grown-up of the series so far, very dark from the beginning. (And by the way; I like this American edition more than the English one, the thick pages, the illustrations, the covers... Enjoyment also for your eyes and fingers!) And it also lingers more, giving hints, taking slowly closer to the real problems. POlitical plots and powergames, that affect the Hogwarts school are absolutely hilarious and accurate. Beware, children! This is just how stupid some of the adults really are!! Power should never be given to those who desire it most.<br/>One thing gave me extra giggles: Professor Snape is played by Alan Rickman in the movies and somehow it seems, that Snape has become more like Rickman. And he has a bigger part than in the earlier books. Or is it just a coincidence, that Occlumency - a kind of mind-control - is taught by Snape, who is played by Rickman, whose best parts in earlier movies include Rasputin and Mesmer? When did Rowling get the idea of letting Snape teach it? And what made me wonder more, was that now Harry and others seemed to fly back when hit by magic - just like in the second movie - but earlier they giggled, grew extra limbs or did whatever the spell made them do. And didn't fly on their backs.<br/>All in all I wasn't disappointed at all, though I'm not giving five stars. I think Rowling has still something better in store. And to tell the truth: I don't care for fantasy literature. Except Harry Potter.
 I adore talking books, &amp; JK Rowling  in particular, because her<br/>novels  are, I think, written to be read aloud<br/>Jim Dale is a lovely actor, but not a patch  on Stephen Frye<br/>who reads the British versions of the books.<br/>Frye's mellifluous tone &amp; spine-tingling voice makes for a superior narrator,and a more thrilling listen.<br/>Get your ears on Stephen Frye,if not your hands on the CD's.<br/>There was a very good reason for the BBC to broadcast his version<br/>of ..Philosophers Stone on Radio 4 at Christmas a few years ago.<br/>I'm sorry JD, but I passed your version on, &amp; have just coughed up £90  for Stephen's cracking  rendition,I'm poorer this month,<br/>but, definately not sorry I did so!
 I think the Harry Potter books are very nice to read and I think that the chamber of secrets enhanced version of the book will be great 👍 to!!!!!!!😁
 grandsons wish list
 Fans of Harry Potter may at first be taken aback by the darker tone of this latest J.K. Rowling book, but it is still her best effort to date (Which is saying a lot).  Rowlings usual strong, believable characters fill  this book, and help yet again to bring this fantasy world to life.  Very  young readers may wish to steer clear of this one for a while, as is does  contain some mature elements, and at 734 pages, it may intimidate some new  readers (Young and old!).  All considered, however, the book is a  masterpiece, and I encourage you to enjoy it with your children.
 Really beautiful design! Love the extra details about the house. Small little rips on the cover but other then that it is really great for any fan! :)
 J. K. Rowling has done it again.  I bought the book the day it came out and was unable to put it down until I finished it the same day.  Once again I was pulled into the world of Hogwarts School and the life of Harry and  his friends.  The challenges that Harry Potter faces on the quest to become  school champion kept me on the edge of my seat wondering what would happen  next, and as always I left the book a better person as a read about fair  play, team work, and true friendship.  The end of the book left me eager  for more, and I can't wait for the next book to be published. The fourth  Harry Potter book defiantly lives up to the standards of the previous three  and to me even exceeds them.
 love it so much and it is a good book for all ages  and is amazing quality also its is crazily good so yeah i guess ok bye
 This was a good book, even being read by an old man.  I look forward to reading the rest of the series.
 What needs to be said when it comes to an illustrated Harry Potter book?  The quality of the art is terrific and incredibly detailed.  The book is larger than what it appears, which I love.  I've of course read all the books, but it was very enjoyable going back and reading the first book with the illustrations.  I always end up finding something new about each of the books when I go back and read them.  For whatever reason, I found myself reading through this version of the Sorcerer's Stone slower than what I usually do which just increased my level of enjoyment.<br/><br/>Also, I can see how this would be a big hit with young children just getting into Harry Potter.  Kids are very visual and would absolutely love this book.  Very much looking forward to the future versions of each of the 6 remaining books.<br/><br/>CONS:  Are you serious?!?! There are no cons to an illustrated Harry Potter Book :)<br/><br/>OVERALL:  What a terrific item this is to own.  Would buy again a million times.
 I would say it's for all ages. This book has the power to release your imagination &amp; introduce you to a wonderful magic world.
 Such beautiful illustrations and was a must have for my collection!
 Loved the illustrations. It was a joy to read and I loved the interactive illustrations. It was nice to see a new interpretation of the characters NOT be the current movie actors.
 My son is practicing Spanish reading it! love it!
 Book collector must!
 So fun to have pictures with a beloved book.
 Love!
 wonderful! allows greater imagining of the characters and the whoelbackdrop of the story
 Beautiful illustrations.  My 7 year old daughter received this fro Christmas and loves it.
 It was very good. It had lots of adventure. Good series to read. A good read for the summer. Great
 "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" is a great book - and Jim Dale is unsurpassed in his characterizations, dynamics, and presentation.  This audio book is highly recommended to those whom wish to listen to a good book on that long drive to work or a vacation spot!
 Love the animation
 As described, quick delivery
 Excelente libro esta muy bien ilustrado
 J. K. Rowling has rewarded her adult readers by taking a step up in the fourth instalment of the Harry Potter septilogy.<br/>The first three books were fun, fast and full of action. The fourth one loyally retains these features for its younger readers, but adds a whole new dimension of intriguing themes. A multitude of sub-plots boil away, each commenting on analogous situations in the real world. Nonetheless, the plotlines all wrap up at the end very satisfactorily ("like a jigsaw puzzle"), while leaving the mouth wet in anticipation of the fifth book.<br/>The majority of the book is fairly light-hearted but the opening chapter gives a hint of the dark, overbearing finale that will leave Hogwarts, and indeed all of Europe, a much less safe place by the time the fifth book arrives on shelves.
 The illustrations are Beautiful and bring the story more to life. Wish they did this for all the books.
 Love these books! For kids of all ages, including adults who are young at heart! Pick up a book and read!
 Just love Harry Potter!
 I already own all the books, but this book is beautiful.
 Very high quality book. Was much heavier than anticipated and the illustrations are amazing!
 I JUST FINISHED THIS BOOK 870 pages long of writing.. .it was so exciting reading the book cover to cover... i didn't get up as i read the book, it was the best harry potter book so far of the series... i would recommend this book to anyone with a vivid imagination as the characters just leap off the pages and i commend author J.K. Rowling on another book well done
 My wife and daughters will love it!
 Beautiful pictures. Great addition to books.
 Good
 Wonderful as always
 My set is complete.
 Completed my set
 The whole family absolutely loves this book. Pictures are amazing. Well done!
 Bought for Grand-daughter.  She enjoyed it.
 Like rediscovering Harry Potter all over again! Fantastic, and I'm reading Harry Potter AGAIN with love.
 The series is WONDERFUL!  I'm now ordering it in hardbacks so I can read them all over again, and they'll hold up better than paperbacks in the long run.  I received my books in less time than stated (made me very happy), but the box was not only open on the top, the bottom was open,and one of the end pieces was sticking out.  It's a wonder the books were still inside and hadn't fallen out somewhere.  Maybe a little more tape on the box next time??
 Gorgeous.
 The book stopped at the best part. It is just a stupid waste of time. I got to the best part in the whole book but the sight blocked me!!
 I loved loved loved loved it ! This is more valuable than gems to me, as I love the young boy Harry Potter! I am only 8, but this shows children love jk Rowling
 A beautiful book. The illustrations are breathtaking. A must have for any Harry Potter fan.
 a gift for Grandaughter
 What beautiful illustrations! If you are a Harry Potter fan, then you'll love this edition.
 The 5 year old I gave this to LOVED it.
 Came in great condition!
 Wife loves this gift. Enjoys the sketches on almost every page.
 DO NOT BUY<br/>Pages are missing and out of order<br/>Should be a "0" rating
 Original story with same words but with pictures.
 In short: read the book!<br/>It's hard to give a good review of the book without spoiling it. The book has a rather gloomy feel to it, as if Dementors are nearby as you read. Things feel hopeless for Harry and everyone else at Hogwarts, even. "Poisoned honey" does not even BEGIN to describe the new DADA teacher, she's just pure evil. Ashcroft has nothing on this woman.<br/>Dumbledore does answer many of the questions that Harry and his fans have had about why He-Who-Must-Not-Named is after Harry to begin with, but I was left with many more questions instead. Hopefully, some of those will be answered in the next two books, which I am now eagerly awaiting.
 Great book in great hardcover quality
 I received this book via Fed Express from Amazaon on 6/21 and finished it today 6/24. It is the best in the series and answers many questions.The ending is just as exciting as the earlier books. One point that won't give away the plot is that in this book the reader learns that the stairway to the girls common room in charmed so as not to admit boys. It's pointed out that girls can go to the boys' common romm but not vice versa. No doubt the author added this in reaction to some critics whe would do anything to foil her success.I am 52 but have read all the books and seen the movies.This book also holds out assurance that the sequels should be ever as good.
 Beautiful illustrations.  Definitely an heirloom type of book to pass down to future generations.
 Product was awesome an fast delivery
 The illustrations are amazing and I love everything about it!
 loving it !!!
 Awesome book... great read on your e reader<br/>I finished it in the 2 days
 A great new read with beautiful illustrations. Using as a read a loud to younger children.  Shipped and received on time.
 Having read the whole book in one giant 10hr marathon, I can say this is really great. Like the other four in the series, it's quite a page turner, keeping the reader interested as Ms. Rowling propels the plot along. However, there is some slowness towards the front of the book that is to be expected. The book ends nicely starting from about page 600 or so, straight on to the end at page 870.<br/>Certainly the most fun I have with a book since the last Harry Potter.
 Quite different from the movies, but in a good way. Glad i watched the movie first. Cant wait to read the next book.
 To Harry Potter Fan,<br/>It’s just pleasing to read this book with beautiful illustration. I would never regret buying this over the normal book.
 Love me some HP
 I enjoyed finding the differences between this and the American version.
 Beautiful book for any Harry Potter lovers collection!
 The art i gorgeous and it was a joy to reread this book all over again!
 Perfect, thank you!
 Fantastic illustrated book. Cant wait for the next one!
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a great book.  I am not reviewing the book, but the Kindle version i got from amazon.  i have recently signed up for kindle "unlimited," which is not really as unlimited as you might wish, but i'm not reviewing kindle unlimited, either.  I am reviewing the version of HP and the GOF that i got through kindle unlimited.  i noticed that the page breaks on my kindle book often repeat a line, maybe as much as 80 percent of the time.  i happen to have read harry potter ten or more times, so i know what's happening and don't really mind it that much.  sometimes, though, the page breaks leave out a sentence or portion of a sentence, which leaves me scratching his head.  i could imagine that if i hadn't read the book before, i might be missing essential information.  i will be noticing if other kindle unlimited books are likewise not so well done.
 Have been a fan of the movies and stories of Hogwarts. JK Rowling is a genius with her ability to craft her tales and characters. I wanted to have the books as part of my collection even though I read them all.
 Yay
 WOW! Fantastic pictures!  I was worried that the text would be reduced--But it's not!
 Bought this book(again) as the person I lent it to never returned it...
 Excited to dig into the book but it arrived damaged.
 I enjoyed HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE, but the book really brought into stark relief how glad we all should be that we're not wizards:<br/>Fighting each other:<br/>The most potent spell the wizards have is the Avada Kedavra spell, which kills and supposedly has no defense.  It is cast through a device (a wand) and can kill one victim at a time.  Muggles have machine guns, nuclear weapons, and poison gas.  Muggles are better in this regard.  Advantage: Muggles.<br/>Transportation:<br/>Wizards have flying brooms, floo powder, port keys, flying carpets, the aparate teleportation spell, a flying car, and the Hogwarts Express.  Muggles have airplanes, cars, and trains.  As far as I can tell, muggles are much better at transporting groups of people.  The Hogwarts Express does not seem to be any more efficient than a muggle train, except in that it leaves on time.  Airplanes seem safer and easier than port keys, which require elaborate preparation to essentially be used once or twice.  Flying carpets are essentially off-limits to the wizards of England, leaving family transportation options limited to floo powder and brooms, both of which are shown to be dangerous in the Potter books (Harry uses floo powder incorrectly and ends up in a dark wizard shop, while Quiddich players are frequently falling off their broom sticks and getting hurt).  The wizards have a clear advantage with the aparate teleportation spell, but it too is of limited use (for instance, it can't be used to get in or out of Hogwarts).  Advantage: draw.<br/>Medicine:<br/>This is the one area in which wizards have an undisputed advantage.  Injuries can be healed almost immediately and nobody ever seems to get sick.  However, just as diseases become more resistant and harder to treat in the muggle world, so too with wizards.  Lycanthropy cannot be cured, and the use of unicorn blood to stave off death creates a weakness and addiction of sorts.  Voldemort's self-medication usually involves hurting someone else to stay alive, the Sorcerer's Stone artificially prolongs life but also had negative social consequences.  We don't know about wizard public health, although British muggles have access to universal health coverage.  Still, the wizards seem to have the upper hand here.  Advantage: wizards.<br/>Education:<br/>Wizards go to school for seven years and learn about magic.  Muggles go to school for upwards of 20 years or more and learn about their world.  Potions and chemistry are about on par.  After four years of transfiguration, physics seems more useful. Most of the other wizard topics may or may not be more useful than their muggle equivalent, but the way they are taught dwarf the problems with the muggle education system.  The history of magic is taught by a boring ghost and seems to be absorbed by only one student (Hermoin).  divination is acknowledged by most of the faculty to be a sham topic.  The rotating defense against dark arts teachers are either ineffectual, dangerous in themselves, or chased out of Hogwarts due to prejudice and hatred.  Teaching handling of magical animals is entrusted to Hagrid, apparently out of sympathy, who doesn't know how to teach (a year is wasted on bloberworms, another on blast-ended skewts).  Exams are cancelled as a "reward" for good behavior.  It is not clear where "pure blood" wizards learn how to read or learn about math, but it is clear that they don't learn much about the muggle world, its science, history, or culture.  They seem to have more fun, but so what?  The product of their education system is a society is dominated by dark wizards and oblivious bureaucrats.  All of this is at what is supposed to be the very best wizard school.  Advantage: muggles.<br/>Government &amp; criminal justice:<br/>The Potter books do not present enough information to render a definitive judgment, but it appears that the wizard world, at least in Britain, is ruled by a totalitarian government.  The Minister of Magic is appointed, not elected.  There is no separation of powers between the bureaucracy and the judiciary and there is no evidence of a legislative branch.  The Ministry regulates nearly all facets of life, including the press (although the lack of press freedom becomes more clear in the 5th book).  Harry is watched by Big Brother so closely that he cannot escape the eye if magic is illegally used in his house.  Prisoners are unceasingly tortured by dementors.  Corruption and inefficiency is also prominent - death eaters hold key positions because, although fingered as such were never convicted, while innocents like Sirus Black were condemned.  Discrimination is openly practiced against giants and werewolves, and house elves are actually enslaved.  Certainly some muggle countries are just as bad, but most industrial nations including Britian seem better off.  Advantage: muggles.<br/>Result?  Muggles zap wizards, 3-1-1.
 This one is very dark in comparison to the other three. What makes it dark is the suffering inflected on the weak and the vivid way it is described. The book never goes overboard with this theme it is always kept within the  bounds of the story. In spite of the hype this book is a must have if  you've read the other three. This series is the sort you can get for  someone who doesn't read often or at all. The books are very well written  and for me the Goblet of Fire is the best so far, and that's saying a lot.
 Arrived on time, the quality is great and the cover is rather pretty.
 It was just fascinating! I love this book so much! It was so interesting! I can’t think of any word to describe it!
 Awesome<br/>It was so good and the kindle turned the pages well. I can not wait to read the next one
 At first i heard all about these books everywere but i thought they wwouldnt be that good.  when i checked one out of the libary at my school and read the first few chapters i then noticed why it was so good.  I then  read all 3 of them in about 2 weeks.  It was a great book! All 3 were!  The  best was the first one.
 It is amazing, after reading the 4 previous books, that "The Order of the Phoenix" is even better then I imagined. From the 1st chapter you are off and running into this exciting book that you can hardly put down.  I admit I was getting impatient over the last three years for this book's release - but it was well worth the wait and more!  The intricacies woven through this book and yet still woven into from the previous 4 books is astonishing.  J. K. Rowling has an amazing imagination, which I hope she continues to use to write books even beyong the 7 book series of Harry Potter.  I know I will, personally, being waiting anxiously for the next 2 books and yet I don't want to see the end of the Harry Potter serier. I wish they could just keep going on and on and on....
 When the Triwizard Competition comes, and all wizards and witches ageseventeen older can put their name in the Goblet of Fire to enter thecontest, Harry thinks he will just get to stand on the sidelines and watch the contest. But somehow his name is picked. How did his name get in?<br/>I think the book was great. It has its really funny parts too.  I think this book is the best so far.
 My boys loved reading the entire book. They would recommend to anyone over 8 years old. It was a wonderful continuation of the series.
 I love these books!  Rowling does quite a good job developing characters with her writing style.  And her writing style and vivid imagery is why I keep going back and while I'll eagerly await the next book<br/>HOWEVER, with 150 of 870 pages left to read, I started wonder how she was going to wrap things up that quickly when she hadn't even presented the real crux of the conflict yet.  I braced myself for the let-down to come.  Did she just get tired of writing it?  Was the publisher impatient for her to be done?  Did they just truncate at the page count for marketing considerations?  If that was the case, they could have done with less "Harry waits for news" at the begining and more meat at the end.<br/>Nevertheless, I enjoyed the story.
 Defined a generation and continues to influence greatly.
 Classic
 This book is just icing on the cake, I'm not going to focus on the content of the book but the artwork (amazing book though). I love Harry Potter and was blown away by the artwork. I originally bought the book for a friend who is waaaay more artsy than I am and is starting to get into water colors. She loooooved the book, just stared at the pictures for a good hour when I gave it to her. Each painting is amazing. The artist sets the mood perfectly, whether it be humor, dark, curios, etc. The attention to detail blows my mind. I found myself catching all sorts of cute little things that made it's way into the picture.<br/><br/>The artwork helped make an amazing book become more real in my mind.<br/><br/>The book itself is very high quality. Thick pages and a sturdy cover. I also appreciated the book mark that came with it. I would not have figured such a high quality book would sell for $20
 I bought this Harry Potter book as a gift . I was told it’s a great heat .
 This makes a great gift!
 Love it! Illustrations make a great story a perfect story.
 Loved the plot! Fantastic piece of work, Rowling!
 GREAT!!!! Can't wait for the rest of the books to be released like this
 Book received quickly, as advertised, and in good condition. Love the extra bits about the house!
 I loved this book and I think it has a very good story and I am looking forward to reading the next Harry Potter book.
 Best series ever! Our always brings me back when I read these books.
 These books engage me. They are morality tales for our age and yet remain hugely entertaining. This fifth installment does not fail to reel in the reader's mind and heart on a variety of levels. In the end, it is not about wizards and magic, but about the very hard decisions we all make (or don't make) in life. Rowling has done a great service to us all.
 Me encanta Harry Potter. Vi las películas y ahora quiero conocer mas detalles en los libros. Voy a leer todos.
 Beautiful artwork
 Well written, love it! There is no doubt that I will read the other books in the series faster than I can blink.
 I know that everyone has probably read the book, watched the movie, heard the music...but I just love the audio book.  It gives the story a whole new depth.  Jim Dale does a great job (although some of his pronunciations differ some what from what we're used to).  It really brings the book to life.  Since the movie couldn't cover the whole content of the book, the audio book does a great job.  You can still use your own imagination while listening to the book.  I love you J. K.  I just can't wait for the next movie to come out...and of course, the final book!!!
 perfect for bludgeoning people over the head with whimsy and delight<br/>also angst. so much angst
 I like it very much.
 I am a 47 year old professional and a very avid reader.  What makes the Harry Potter books so remarkable and enjoyable is that they capture the imagination of all ages.  I have read all three books and two of my  daughters are currently fighting over who gets to read "The  Prisoner" next.  We have two copies of each book so everyone can have  a chance at reading them.  And we thoroughly enjoy discussing our favorite  scenes, characters, names and places.  It is a rare experience when you can  be reading a book that you know will be a classic for decades to come.  Everyone who enjoys reading will LOVE these books
 Beautiful book, exactly what I was looking for.
 The creative imagination of Ms. Rowling is still at it's best in this third novel of Harry Potter's young life, and Jim Dale is in a class of his own as narrator!  Harry, Hermione, Ron, Hagred, the Dursleys and all of the  cast at Hogwarts are everything and more than a reader (or listener) should  hope for and getting to know them has been a joy!
 Wonderful illustrations, loved it !
 The most awesome book of the series!!!!
 Nicely illustrated book
 I'm revisiting all of the Harry Potter books and find them just as entertaining as I did years ago. It's interesting to see how J.K. Rowling's writing improved with each of her books. GOBLET OF FIRE had some very nice sections, especially the scene in the graveyard where Voldemort rises again. This is extremely well written, frightening and enthralling at the same time. The Harry Potter books remain one of the great literary achievements, and J.K. Rowling deserves all of her accolades. Yes, some people call them popcorn books, but they're much more than that. Ms. Rowling has created an amazing world and populated it with brilliant characters. I stand in awe.
 Harry Potter and the goblet of fire was such a good book. I am so exited to read Harry Potter and the order of the Phoenix
 This is an excellent read!  The longest of Rowling's books so far, it is also darker, but very satisfying.  Plot elements that have been working for the last four books are brought together.  Not all questions are answered, and there is more mystery generated that will need to be cleared up in the next two books, but Book Five is very satisfying to read.  I highly recommend it!  Enjoy reading!
 Made a great book even better
 The prettiest most precious book I have ever owned! Cant wait for the rest.
 love it!
 Youngest of grandkids is 5 so will send so she can catch up with older sibs living away!
 Such amazing art and great buy
 It's a wonderful story. For years, I thought I needed not go into stuff like this. I was wrong. It's a must-read.
 I have the book in all versions glad a bought this one, now I can travel with it without it taking up space. A must have
 My daughter loved it!
 Very cool illustrations and definitely worth it if you are a fan.
 I had high expectations for this and they were absolutely met. This book is gorgeous and high quality. The paper is thick and glossy, the book as a whole is heavy in weight - just picking it up you can feel the quality. I am so impressed with this and just truly hope the rest of the books follow this format and remain this beautiful. I love the illustrations and having yet another way to imagine the Wizarding World. The only illustration I feel is missing, is a Christmas one. There are only pictures of the chess pieces and I was really hoping to see the Great Hall or common room all decorated. That is simply something to hope for in the future installments!<br/>If you're on the fence, buy it! If you have never read the series this is a beautiful way to be introduced. It also makes a lovely coffee table book.
 This book was awesome! I loved it. I am going back for a second read for sure. Definitely recommend for everyone.
 A fantastic book phenomenally illustrated. Enough said. Can't wait for the rest of them.
 I loved the books growing up and am very please with the illustrations in this new book. I know my son is going to love it.
 The whole series is great.  I loved them for the book full content which the movie does't have.  must read.
 My son is completely enamored if these books and I can see why.  We read them together and savor every page.
 We all know the Harry Potter books are amazing. However, this review is about the appearance of the books rather than the contents.<br/>I recently decided to complete my HP paperback collection. I originally read all of the books in hardcover but I had bought a few in paperback years ago because they're easier to throw in my purse and carry around.<br/>When I went to the store to buy the rest of the books in paperback I found that they had redone the whole collection when they released the complete set. I don't know why they decided to replace the back cover art with a blank background and change the multicolored argyle spines to monochrome, but I think it takes away from the personality of the books.<br/>So I had been going all over town in search of the original prints. I was lucky to find an original CoS behind a stack of reprints at a Meijer but that was it. Imagine my happiness when I went on Amazon and saw that the product description for GoF said 2002 edition and the "search through the book" showed the original print with the back cover art. (I also ordered OotP - same story there.) However, when it arrived, IT WAS THE DREADED REPRINT EDITION. Of course, they let me return it, but I was very heartbroken and disappointed. Amazon let me down for the first time.<br/><br/>So, for those who love and enjoy the full art of the HP books, you will be thoroughly disappointed with this version. Good luck with your search for first edition!
 Harry Potter fans will not be disappointed at the latest installment in the Rowling series. I read the 870 page book in less than two days time, as it is such a pageturner one will find it hard to put down. (There is a dent in my couch to prove it). The author's vivid imagery brings you into the story, and you will laugh, cry, and expunge shocked gasps as the twists and turns are revealed. I will not spoil the plot by going into detail, but prepare to gain knowledge that finally details Harry's connection to Voldemort. Brava to the esteemed author, for another brilliant piece. Now, the hardest part is waiting for the next two... Enjoy!!
 Another great addition in the Harry Potter series. Keep it up and read the rest of them too because they’re all quite good.
 AMAZING! It truly takes you into the wizarding world and if is fascinating to put together the puzzle that J.K Rowling has created!
 Fantastic!
 Absolutely gorgeous book!!!  Would recommend to all.  High quality for sure!
 Lovely images, came in perfect condition.
 This book is so beautiful. I can't wait for the others.
 Pages skip from 174 to 223. Poor quality and binding. Unfortunately I've discovery it too late.
 I Love it and so does my 13 year old nephew. A must have for any Harry Potter fan. The illustrations and the quality are amazing!
 I am very satisfied with my purchase. I got the library binding  since my old paperback was falling apart. This book should last me much longer.
 Great book! Illustrations are beautiful! Looking forward to the rest of them.
 worth every penny! illustrations are wonderful.
 It was really fun and easy to read. Read it in just a few days. Makes me want to read the next one soon.
 Fantastic book. Absolutely Loved it. Well written, great storyline. Couldn't put it down. Can't wait to see what comes next.
 It was awesome. Best book I’ve ever read. J.k. Rowling is a genius. I love Harry Potter. Never lets me down
 Product is described accurately and vendor service was very good.
 Good book
 Beautifully illustrated book
 I love the HP series.  These large books are fun
 The artwork in this book is beautiful and adds to the story. Highly recommend.
 great book, great price!  Came very fast!
 While the story is enchanting, the day I got the tapes tape #4 BROKE in my tape player, being soooooo thin that the quality of it did not hold up to normal play.  I would advise people to get it in hardcover rather than waste their money on an audio book version; I will now NOT know what happened on tape 4, and that is VERRRRY upsetting to me.
 Great keepsake
 Amazing pictures. I just love this book!
 Absolutely beautiful!
 Wonderful art,  a joy to look at
 Perfect for completing my collection.
 If you like fantasy, this book (and the whole series) is a must read. It's wonderful. Fantastic. The series takes you to a world that is rivaled only by Middle Earth.
 I started out deliberately ignoring the Harry Potter phenomenon, until I went to see the first movie with my wife and her (then) 6 year old daughter. We absolutely loved it, and after that we devoured the first 4 books, taking turns reading to each other. We loved the imagination, the humor and everything else. And naturally we pre-ordered this one from Amazon.<br/>But we both felt frustrated with this 5th installment. There was some of the humor, the plot wasn't bad and it was generally ok. But we really did not like this emotional, whiny, angry brat that used to be Harry Potter. Now I understand he's supposed to be a teenager, but really, this is way over the top. And all the elements that made the other books such "magical" experiences, just were not on the same level.<br/>Some reviewers suggested rereading the book several times to appreciate it. Now I have to ask, how empty is your life if you have time to read a 800+ page book more than once?<br/>My two cents.
 The Illistrations are beautiful. Well worth it if you are a HP fan!
 Love it! So lovely.
 Freaking beautiful
 I'm not a native Spanish-speaker, just someone who loves the language and likes to keep in practice. I know enough idiomatic Spanish to know that this is a pretty literal translation, but for someone who really needs to practice the tenses and vocabulary more than natural spoken language, this is actually perfect. Plus it's just a fun story &amp; characters! The printing/binding is perfect (unlike some of the US/English editions I bought when they were first released). I do wish it were available on Kindle, though. But I've bought the rest of the series, and am really looking forward to it.
 Love the Harry Potter series. This is a perfect book for any age to enjoy.
 LOVE this book
 My 9 years boy enjoyed it a lot !
 Read this with my 6 yr old dtr. We both enjoyed it. Book arrived in perfect condition.
 Very Nice!!! Great Success!!! (Borat Voice)
 I was amazing i read the whole thing in 2 days and i would do it again!<br/>Such an amazing book!
 I love the Harry Potter series.  I have all of the hard back books and ordered this to help complete my paperback collection for my kids to read.  It is a great book and I recommend it for young readers.  It is really easy to get into.
 Absolutely stunning.  I can't wait to own the entire series of the set.
 Absolutely perfect. A must have for every fanboy or fangirl!
 Perfect gift
 Harry was a real dick in this book. He became angry and overbearing. I began to dislike him after reading.
 This book is missing chapters at the end (735-780 ish and repeats a few in middle DO NOT BUY FROM THIS LISTING
 Its a good book.
 A fantastic addition to the series, not only because it was an interesting tale and was packed with action -- but because, for the first time, you get to see the main characters experience "growing pains."  The characters seemed to be 12-years-old for the first three books -- now, they act and feel more like the teenagers they are!
 One of my favorites
 Excellent condition
 Great start to a great series!!! Never get bored while reading the books!!!!=) highly recommend!!!!!! Go J.K. Rowling!!!<br/>#Gryffindor forever
 Exactly as expected
 Beautiful quality!
 It came with a little bit broken package but the book is fine.
 Beautiful Illustrations. I wish they could do this with every HP book. Makes the book come alive for children.
 Beautiful! I am a big HP fan and I can't wait for the rest of these.
 It always had fiction and it’s good for imagining. I like books with lots of action. My favorite characters are Harry and Hermione.
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a great deal for Harry potter fans. It came in right on time and was a great buy. I recommend this book to any fans of Harry Potter
 great gift idea! :)
 A perfect joy read for all ages. This book shows that innocence and goodness can still conquer evil, no matter how suspenseful.
 This is one of my favorite books of all time! J.K Rowling did an amazing job. I have read this book four times now.
 This was my second read and I enjoyed it as much as the first time.
 I wanted to put in a word on this little known book ; ) What hasn't been said? Probably nothing, but all I can say, as a father and teacher is that Joanne Rowling is a wonderful storyteller. She has woven her tale beautifully and this adult loves to read these books as much as any kid. So does my wife. I think re-reading is in order this summer! Keep 'em coming Ms. Rowling please, we just hope we don't have to wait too long...
 We all know and love this story. In this special anniversary addition,  the publishers have included a beautiful painting of Hagrid and the First Years crossing the lake by Mary GrandPre as well as a hand drawn sketch of Snape by J.K. Rowling herself. The dust cover art is of Harry looking into the Mirror of Erised (my favorite chapter). The book itself is covered in Gryffindor house colors -- scarlet with gold stars all over it. I'm looking forward to collecting all seven anniversary editions for my home library.
 The only things better than reading Harry Potter is listening to Jim Dale's narration, and the variety of voices that bring the story to life. You will not be dissappointed. My only caveat is that the tapes will probably wear out if you listen to it as often as my family does. Next time I'm going for the CD version.
 Beautiful! If you are a liver if children's books, this is a must have for your personal library .
 It;s great; great artwork; worth the money.
 I am over 40 and I have truly enjoyed reading this book as well as the other 4.  This one truely tore at my heart. To read and then feel Harry's hardships and how he felt about all the secrets kept from him, kept me so in touch with Harry and wondering about the rest of his world. These novels are show that humility, love, caring and determination can over come adversity. J. K. Rowlings has truly allowed the novels to grow up with the children/adults who are reading them. From the smaller novels to this one which was long, you are captivated by everything that happens.  You truly come to hate the "villians" in the story. I can not wait until Book 6 comes out. Oh, to be Harry and slip away to his world.
 honestly i like every part of this book, i’ll probably recommend this book to everyone i know and well i dont have anything against this book so 5 star!!!
 Amazing book and shipped well!
 Great story, a must read in the Harry Potter series.
 What a great book Rowling has continued to grow in her work this book included some great comedy as well as the darker issues I could not put it down. If you liked the other Potter books this is great if you have not  read any potter books this is still good but a little confusing read the  other books first. Can't wait for book 5
 This is my eighth time reading the Harry Potter series, in the sense that every time a new book came out I re-read all the preceding books to truly embrace the recently released treasure.  7 books in the series means I read the first book 7 times, the second book 6 times, etc.<br/><br/>Now, I am re-discovering the magical world of Harry Potter through the beautifully illustrated re-releases of J.K. Rowling's masterpieces.  The Prisoner of Azkaban stands the test of time - it is as entertaining, compelling and just downright immersive as it was upon its first publishing in 1999.  18 years later, I still love all the characters and have an even deeper appreciation for the cast of characters, the threads of loyalty and jealousy between them and the meta-story of the Harry v. Voldemort showdown.<br/><br/>WONDERFUL stuff!
 Gave this as a gift. Arrived in excellent condition.
 Very nice illustrations.  My wife loved it.
 Lovely edition at a great price!
 I recieved the lastest installment of Harry Potter 2 days ago for my 26th  birthday.  Needless to say I found it a compeling read as I have now  finished it.  I truly expected this one to be the Empire Strikes back of  the Harry Potter books, and I was not disappointed.  I am also very pleased  that so much of it was kept secret and that I managed to avoid any spoilers  until after I was done. I do think however, that due to the darkness of the  book that 10 years old is about the youngest age that should read it.  I  found myself a little bit on edge once I was done reading it. Basically,  this is a wonderful book and the descriptions go beyond fantastic.  I can't  wait until the next book comes out.
 I gave 5 stars just for the quality of the artwork alone! This is a beautiful book that's a must have for any Harry Potter fan young or old! However, the fact that the book is printed and bound in CHINA is ridiculous and I was very irritated when I realized this. Perhaps the binding quality and bookmark ribbon would have been better if a little more care and attention were applied. In the book I received, my ribbon bookmark was folded over in a few areas which left many creases in several of the pages! That's really annoying considering this is more of a collectors item for me. I would have paid extra to have a better quality book so, with the cost of this book being rather low then I guess you get what you pay for. Also, the way Amazon shipped this book to me was appalling! The slip jacket of my book now has some slight damage and there are some areas where there was some rubbing and it actually looks like someone has picked it up with greasy fingers. Very disappointed with that but it seems that the shipping quality for most of Amazon items is rather on the poor side anyway. This book could have easily been wrapped in shrink wrap and they could have added bubble wrap as well. I mean, really?!? Even with all of those negatives aside, please don't let that deter you from buying this book!! As I said the artwork is phenomenal and it's a great piece of art to show off. I'm going to get a copy for my young nephew as well! I can't wait until the rest of the series is released! They are releasing a special collectors edition of this first book in November which is $200+ and I've already pre-ordered it so check that out too! I hope that it will be of much better quality and it's NOT printed in China however it's not in the U.S. either!
 Came in great condition and good price for a new hard cover book!
 J.K. Rowling's fifth installment of the "Harry Potter" series does not disappoint. I was a little late jumping on the HP bandwagon (it's 2010, can't you tell?) :-) But this has been my favorite book of the series so far. The first few chapters are much more engaging in comparison to the previous books, as she jumps into action much more quickly. However, "Order of the Phoenix" is definitely a book of girth. At almost 900 pages, it takes patience. Don't judge it based on the movies -- as with any of the HP movies, they leave out a lot in comparison to the books.
 Beautiful book! Got it for a steal at $9!
 The book came beautifully! As soon as I opened it, I fell in love with it! A must have for any Ravenclaw or Potter fans
 Was a wonderful book!!! and history I wanna read next book nice history, now I’m ready to watch the first movie hahaha
 HUGE hard cover.  It's gorgeous!!
 A great read, sucks you in and makes you forget where you are.
 Beautiful Book; Poor Shipping by Amazon
 Came as described,.excellent condition, great shipping timing.  Thank you.
 This book shines above all the other Harry Potter books! When you read it you will be n complete awe.
 I have always loved Harry Potter! The books are easy to read, but still so full of adventure. I’m making my way through the series and I can’t wait to read the 4th.
 Great translation. Really good read coming from English and trying the Spanish out to learn the language better
 A+
 Bought this as soon as the price went down. Great price and just  as beautiful as the first 2.
 Came on time and was packaged well. It looks great on my shelf and I can't wait to reread the book. I would recommend this to any Harry potter fan trying to complete their collection.
 It was fantastic.
 Another of my favorite authors.
 We’re huge Harry Potter fans. Reading to our 10 month old now.
 Thank u 4 the book. Its the most beautiful i ever seen. And thank u 4 the attention where i bought. You guys are the best !!
 It's Harry Potter. Nothing more need be said.
 Jim Dale's characterizations of Rowling's enormous cast of characters are superb.  He invents distinct voices for each one and hardly ever misses a change in even the most complex dialog.  This makes the audio production stand on its own merits and means it is entirely complementary to reading the book.  I recommend people do both!
 Great art. Wife loves the book. Great Harry Potter fan gift.
 Yes, the book kept my interest and I did not find it too long. But for me she doesn't know when to tone down the exaggerations that make the story unbelievable (give one accepts the magical world). So many characters are over the top that it is hard to accept that no one seems to notice. Draco and his father might as well have "evil" tattooed on their foreheads. Crabbe and Goyle could never have made it this far in the school, Snape's malevolence is getting really boring, it is unbelievable that an incompetent fool like Fudge is Minister of Magic, and the Inquisitor Umbridge is so extreme as to be totally unbelievable. Her books would be far stronger with a bit more subtlety.
 I was really concerned that this book was going to disappoint, the hype was incredible!  Also, 700+ pages is a lot of paper to keep a reader's interest.<br/>I'm glad to say that Rowling managed to pull it off.  I  wholeheartedly recommend this book to anyone who's enjoyed the series so  far.  If you're just getting involved, read the prior three books first,  otherwise the linkages and neat bits won't have as much impact.<br/>Go find a  free weekend and read it.
 As magical as Harry Potter ever was! The illustrations are amazing! Can't wait to collect the whole set =)
 The illustrations are incredible!! Made the story even more magical 👍🏼
 Love the illustrations! My kids adore this set.
 I have no words to describe the fantastic nature of this book. As a bona fide Potter Head, when I found out about this book, my inner geek went wild. A ILLUSTRATED edition? Be still my heart. Then I was convinced that no artist could do justice to the HP world. After that, I thought it was just going to be a bunch of drawings of the movie stuff. Was I ever wrong and I am so glad! The illustrations are beyond beautiful and so much closer to what I imagine Hogwarts and the characters to be than in the movies. The fantastical quality to every picture, along with the realistic aspects, lifted my imagination back to the very first time I read HP as a teen. No matter how many times I flip through, I notice something new. Jim Kay, you are amazing! I cannot wait to purchase every single book as they are released.
 I love the first 4 books, but after the long waiting, this 5th is a definite disappointment to all Potter fans. It is way too lengthy, a lot of unnecessary new characters and repetition of points make you wonder if Rowling is paid by the word count. The plot has too many holes yet much less suspense comparing to the previous 4 books. You could pretty much figure out what the climax scene would be 1/3 into the book and there's not enough suspense built-up leading to it. This makes the reading rather boring.<br/>The most disappointing (almost offending to readers' intelligence) part is the numerous ridiculous holes in the plot. To name a few: To the end, you don't see why the stupid "thing" is so important that it must be guarded like crazy (maybe more explanation coming in the 6th?). If it is indeed so critical, then why there is no guard in the final night and all sorts of people (dark forces and Potter et al) can get to it so easily?<br/>Why did Lord Voldemort make all of fuss of not going there to take it himself yet he finally showed up in the final night? If he had to show up anyway, isn't it more easier for him to do it himself right from the beginning? Why didn't Black remind Potter of the magical communication device (his parting gift)? He had numerous chance to mention it and yet he made all the "trouble" and "danger" to go through the fireplace thing instead of just telling Potter to use that gift ?!<br/>Think about these carefully you will see that there always seem to be some explanations, but none of them is convincing enough to warrant the existence of the 5th book at all. It is a total waste of time and assaulting your intelligence. The only good thing out of this lengthy reading is more character development comparing to the previous four.<br/>I would definitely not waste my time on this fiasco if I had the choice - I had to read it just to follow the series. I hope the next 2 books would recover from this. I hope Rowling could come over her writer's block and turn out some quality work matching the first 4. Otherwise, one more strike I'd have to give up this series altogether.
 Its Harry Potter what else! Always a excellent read. Its always fun to escape to this world and relax and enjoy the pure magic of JK Rowling!
 My little bookworm granddaughter loves this book she was so pleased.
 Love love love this book!  The illustrations are amazing!
 I’m in awe of how beautiful this book is, I love it for everyone asking this book is the full actual version not shortened 🙂 I cant wait to purchase the rest
 Even if parts of the book seem a bit too long, Potter fans are ultimately rewarded with a dark and spine-tingling ending that leaves many plot threads open. The difference in this book from the others: the emerging adolescence of Harry, Ron, and Hermione; a greater role of the Ministry of Magic; and a sinister ending that has me holding my breath for the next volume.
 My aspie son is 7 and an ambitious reader. He read half of this book in original form, and said it scared him. I saw this and quickly purchased. I feel he will feel less scared with the pictures. It is a Christmas gift, and he has not received it yet, but I looked through it and it is so amazing! There is not a page with some kind of illustration, be it an ink stain. I am sure hoping this brings his interest back to the set since I bought the entire set in bluray, which he claims to only want to see after reading the books. I recommend highly. Thinking I will in fact read it again just to enjoy the illustrations. I feel as I got a steal not paying book cover price. It was worth every cent. My husband, and other son were blown away by the pictures just from a quick browse. Good addition to any Harry Potter fan collection
 Wonderful illustrations! &amp; I have a very happy boy!
 Very quick shipping, and this is a beautiful edition of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.  A must have for any Ravenclaw.
 OotP was a good book in the Harry Potter series but it is definitely not intended for JK Rowling's child audience. It is much darker and full of angst. If you are a fan of the Harry Potter series like I am, you will most likely enjoy it, but my favorite is still the 3rd book. I wouldn't start with this one if you haven't read any of the others however. Start with the first book or the movies. You may follow the plot but you won't enjoy it nearly as much.
 Nice piece of literature. An Immersing story about fairness, friendship and fight for values.
 I.am.in.love!!! Best most beautiful book I have ever bought!
 this was a gift, recipient was very happy to receive it.
 Such a cool book! My son loves all of the pictures!
 The art is beautiful! I'm enjoying sharing the story with my pre-readers.
 This book is beautiful!  Totally worth it.
 beautiful
 this book is perfect!
 This is NOT in “Good” condition! I am sincerely disappointed.
 Quality made. Beautiful art
 Slowly reading this version and thoroughly enjoying the illustrations. The interactive features and moving pictures are great fun.
 Absolutely BEAUTIFUL.  Stunning.
 Best. Book. Ever. Hands down. JK Rowling is a genius. I cry everytime I read this gosh darn lovely book.
 Great quality
 Don’t buy. Our book was missing 40 pages. What a rip off
 It was great book full of twist and turns it was awesome it felt like I was really there because it described things in such detail
 The book is huge, but I love it. It's beautiful.
 Before I start, I want to note that this review is for the Japanese edition of the Philosopher's stone.<br/>The story is as amazing as the English edition, and the translation is very faithful to the original (without reading awkwardly in Japanese) which is very nice. Overall, the translation is great and leaves nothing out from the English edition.<br/>The binding is great as well, paper is of very good quality (slightly transparent, which was expected; paper is very sturdy).<br/>Chapter illustrations may seem simplistic at first glance, but I found them to be charming.<br/>Furigana is included with most kanji, however there are a few kanji which do not feature furigana. The only problems I had with furigana is that it is slightly inconsistent; some 2nd grade kanji featuring furigana with some 4th grade kanji not. However, considering the target audience, it's not that big of a deal.<br/>Overall a really great book for new fans of the series or anyone reliving childhood memories.
 Beautiful book! Every Harry Potter fan needs one!!!
 Gorgeous!
 One of my favorites
 This book got my reluctant reader to start down the Harry Potter path!  This is not a picture book or graphic novel, by any means, but my younger daughter has always been a reluctant reader and has never been interested in reading the Harry Potter series before.  She was happy just watching the movies. And, while they are good, everyone knows that so much more happens in the books.  We've tried not to force anything on her in the hopes that she would develop a love for reading like the rest of us. She told me last night that she'd finished the first book and couldn't wait to read the second one.  I think she's going to wait for the next illustrated book to come out even though we have the whole collection already in our library!<br/><br/>The illustrations are great and there is something on every page.
 Book arrived as expected. No imperfections.
 Just like picture
 Awesome book!  Excellent shopping experience!
 I'm thrilled to have this beautiful illustrated copy for my home.
 Beautiful book! The illustrations are blended so well into the pages and pacing. Doesn't take anything away from the story just adds and adds and adds.
 Her (the author's) imagination is beyond reproach in both character development and plot.
 Beautiful illustrations!
 Aún que es de segunda mano la verdad es que viene muy bien
 As a crossword/Scrabble junkie, I really enjoy the way Rowling uses language.  We meet Sirius and Professor Lupin in book 3, see if you can figure out what their names tell the reader about their true natures.  I couldn't wait to read the book, and become enveloped in another adventure at Hogwarts.  Rowling hasn't disappointed this 37-year-old teenager yet.
 I loved the first two volumes, so I pre-ordered this -- one for myself and another as a gift. Both came with damaged supercover, one torn at an angle. But the main reason I don't like it that the illustrations are just not good. The cover is by far the best picture in the book. Instead of illustrating scenes in the book, the artist just draws portraits of teachers, does a page on grindilow, three pages on a dog... The portraits are very static. There is one of Lupin, as a human. One of Pettigrew. Two of the crazy female professor what's-her-name.One -- ONE! -- of Sirius, who this book is all about. Abundant pictures of dog's tails, cat's tails, rat's tails, etc. Endless pictures of dementors. Picture of a greenhouse. Two or three pictures of hyppogrif. No representations of the major scenes such as Lupin turning into a werewolf, etc. No interior of the bus, or Siriuses' house, except for the attic where the hyppogrif lived. Very few pictures of the main characters of the book. Nothing much on quidditch. Overall, the illustrations are just SO boring, not dynamic at all!! He used all the picture space on irrelevant minute details.I don't think I want to buy the remaining books in this series. Too bad. Why oh why?!!!
 Worse condition than expected. :/
 great book. would recommend to anyone looking for a fun read.
 I'll start by saying that I've been a fan of Harry Potter ever since the first edition of the Sorcerers Stone was gifted to me when I was in the fourth grade.<br/><br/>Now that I'm 25 and have read the series many times over every couple of years, these new illustrated editions are a great way to read the series again.  As one can see from the photographs I've provided, the art is very well done -- it seems to have been drawn by someone who appreciates the story and the mental images it creates and aids the reader in viewing the world JK Rowling built.<br/><br/>The book itself is very sturdy with nice thick pages and a very attractive look.  This book will serve as the book I will read and keep on the coffe table and in reach of curious guests, while the more expensive collectors edition that is to be released later in the year will go to the bookshelf.
 After finishing this fifth book in the series, I went back and re-read a couple chapters from the first two. The contrast was striking.<br/>The earlier books were deftly written, witty and entertaining, bouncing easily from sentence to paragraph to chapter. If you've forgotten the feel, go back and read the first  descriptions of Duddly and his parents.<br/>In contrast, this book is labored and long. It has the feel of a book that was far too long in the making, and where the fame of the author has inhibited the work of her editors. It plods along. There is still the hint of the earlier playfulness - as with the figures in portraits moving from frame to frame and commenting on the proceedings - but the playfulness is outweighed by the author's heavy hand moving characters from place to place and scene to scene. She might as well be stage-directing them.<br/>It was a long read and not a very entertaining or exciting one. And perhaps most telling, when you reach the last page you do not know the characters better than you did in the beginning. Harry, especially, is almost wholly lifeless in this rendition, despite having been described ad nauseum for nearly 900 pages.
 I'll be collecting all of these.  Nicely done!
 This audio book series is amazing.  Highly recommend the whole set.
 This book kept my interest until the end! I laughed, cried, and was thrilled with the vivid language! New characters jump into the picture and the good old ones stay... There are a few twists along the way too! If you haven't read any of the Harry Potter Series (all of which I reccomend) then this one fills you in on most of the facts. This is a definite must-read!
 Absolutely gorgeous book! A must have for Harry Potter fans.
 Can’t tell you how much we enjoyed reading this. I tried reading the regular book with the kids and they weren’t that interested. The illustrations really brought the story to life!!
 The illustrated Harry Potter editions are beautiful. We've had the regular versions sitting around the house for years that the kids and my wife read. Not until I saw these illustrated Potter books was I motivated to finally read the book rather than just watching the movies. I bought all three that have been released so far, and read each book in two to three nights each. They kept me motivated and interested, where I didn't want to stop reading them. I generally don't enjoy reading anything, but the way these illustrated books were done made it fun for me.
 "Order of the Phoenix" is the best audio book of the Harry Potter series. It's not just Rowling's writing, but the vocal work of her narrator, Jim Dale. He is the "voice" of the series and does a fabulous job narrating the HP books (I have all of the audio books including "Half-Blood Prince"). However, he is brilliant in "Order of the Phoenix" with his vocal characterizations and the high level of excitement. I had to wait in my car in the parking garage at work until disc 1 finished - I couldn't stop! No wonder it won Audio Book of the Year from Audiophile. Jim Dale is the best vocal narrative actor around for audio books.
 One of the best of the Harry Potter series on my opinion. I recommend it to everyone.<br/>You should go read it!!
 Suffer through horrid writing to follow a great story.<br/>Rowling creates memorable characters and situations, but I really wish she'd buy a thesaurus and take a writing class. Every character "beams" at each other on every other page, and I don't even want to count the number of times I had to stop reading to figure out who was speaking. A grammar lesson wouldn't hurt her writing either. Maybe she could afford an editor now?<br/>I just get the feeling that she rushed these books tp press before she had a chance to polish the writing. (All Harry Potter books have these same problems, but I think the fifth book has the most.)
 Amazing illustration, reading it over again.
 Amazing.
 Beautiful illustrations. Love it!
 I've read all the books in multiple formats and watched all the movies (many times each).  This however, is my favorite presentation of the Harry Potter franchise so far!  I was worried that the book might be abridged to allow for the wonderful artwork, but nope - it is all there!  I also found it very interesting to see how the movie version of graphics differed from the text, and Jim Kay's artwork is much truer to the original story.  Americans will of course notice the "British" way of spelling and writing certain words, but that is no big deal and I found myself even cross-referencing this book with my own (American English) book to see how they compare.  As a proud owner of the entire original series in hardcover (and movies on blu-ray), I can't wait for the rest of these awesome books to be completed!  I'll still happily order when I'm 60, 70, or whenever the last one is finally finished!
 This book is in great condition. Dust cover has minimal wear and still retains it's bright colors and shiny lettering. The spine feels like it has been loosened by no more than 2 reads. Pages are crisp, untarnished, and unmarred.<br/><br/>The seller had my item shipped within 24 hours.<br/><br/>On a personal note, I'm glad to have the hard copy of such a delightful book. You don't have to be a child to enjoy the series. In fact, reading them as an adult adds that extra bit of nostalgia to the experience. Even if you are not into fantasy, there are very powerful messages in this story that transcend the genre. The first three novels are very light reads and can be quite therapeutic at the end of the day.
 Great condition!
 Thank you for fast delivery and good packaging!  This is a beautiful book with wonderful images.
 Flat out gorgeous!  The illustrations are beautiful and Rowling is an amazing author.
 Love!
 Nicely illustrated and fun to read aloud to a group of kids. The oerfect gift for the HP fan.
 I enjoyed the book immensely but I have to agree with one of the other reviewers and say the it could have been done in a lot less pages and it was predictable. Don't get me wrong  - I'm an adult who loves Harry Potter.  I waited for this one to come out along with everyone else but I didn't get  that same feeling that I couldn't wait for the next one after finishing it.  And I can't help but think that if I were 8 years old I'd have a hard time  just lifting this book!
 I ordered the fully illustrated, IN COLOR,  original reprint of the Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone " in the Ravensclaw edition  from the UK  for my Granddaughter who is a huge Harry Potter fan,and expected just what we ordered! .  What I got was a cheaper version with no illustrations on any of the pages sunless you want to count the little stars/asterisks on the top of the chapter page and so far it looks the story is not in the original version that used the English variations of many words that were changed for the US version.  Then there was the month long wait for a book from the UK because she wanted the label and stamp/ tracking information to show it came from the UK and where does this label show,  NEENAH, WI.  So we have patiently waited for a spectacular book from England and have been short changed!!  All in all I am very disappointed
 Being an adult, I also recognize that most adults act like pre-teen and early teen children.  I felt that this book began getting into that aspect of the main characters lives in a way that was very engaging.  I'm glad so many people are reading these books and especially so children.  I highly recommend not only this one but the whole series (1-6).
 I got this for my daughter who loves the harry Potter series. She reads about a book every month, but has read this book in less then two weeks. Great Books.
 When I though It coulnd't get any better and then I get the Goblet of Fire and its interesting story, suspense and darker trama. If you've seen the movie you should really read this book since you are missing some of the best parts... I give this book 5 stars because it deserves it, it is a great book with a deep story, a story that it certainly does not end here and leaves you wondering whast going to happen next
 The book was well worth the wait - I started reading it and had difficulty putting it down!  Without giving too much away, I laughed, and yes, I cried too. Some questions were finally answered regarding Harry...Suffice to say, I'm already impatient for the 6th book and am hoping that it won't be another 3 years!!!
 Stunning illustrations. I can't believe this book is so inexpensively priced.
 The moving  illustrations were magical! Made rereading the novel even more fun and entrancing. Wish they were all like this!
 Beautifully done. Great promo pricing, about 55% of cover price.
 Does this really need reviewed? A modern classic of magic and adventure, The wording world of Hogwarts is amazing. Read it
 The book came in extremely fast and is exactly what I wanted. It is a perfect gift for my granddaughter
 It is beautifully illustrated, well worth the price. Love it!!!!!
 Perfect gift for any HP fan. It is a beautiful book.
 This was the best Potter book yet, but I said that after reading the second book, as well as the rest of them! I thought Professor Umbridge was horrible!! She made Professor Snape look like Harry's best friend! Reading should be fun, for all ages, and this was definitely a fun read. Can't wait for the next one.
 I loved how many twists there were and even the end on the train was still really fun to read.
 Unfortunately Harry is reminding me more and more of Luke from Star Wars. "But I wanted to go into Toschi Station!" He is becoming a character I don't respect much.  I also felt we got too little of Dumbledore in this installment.  The book was still good though.  Good enough to read in two sittings.  ****/*****
 Mom loves it
 I recommend to everyone I felt as if I was in the wizzarding world and was able to piece together things the movie left out.
 must have for any Harry Potter fan!!!
 I dont think there is a best Harry Potter book since I love them all equally. I think this book is excellent. However Harry is extremely angry in this book which is different for Harry. However the book is long and wonderful! It gives a lot of answers to many questions and yet at the same time raises many more.
 This is a must-have for Harry Potter fans. The illustrations are so beautiful. Definitely recommend!
 Absolutely gorgeous paintings. A must have for any Harry Potter fan.
 I bought the this book for my daughter who loves the Harry Potter books.  She's taking Irish in school and this was a perfect gift.  I figured she will work harder learning the language now. :)
 My favorite entry in the series. My only gripe is that it arrived with the dust jacket torn.
 The animation added to the excitement in the book. I have read this book before and it is still a very good book to read.
 The fourth installment of the Harry Potter Series is not to be missed. I won't be cruel and give away ANYTHING, not a single syllable! This book is intense and deserves every last bit of praise it gets! Not one single word  is wasted and it's what we expect from this terrific author.
 Excellent condition - my son loves it!
 Fantastic for any HP fan
 I thought it was a great book!👍🏻 It entertained me for a couple days in the summer? I highly recommend this book.
 Some of the italicized text was blurry
 I love the pictures. Bought several for gifts.
 Live them<br/>Read them more then once and probably will keep reading them over and over the books never get boring or old
 This one starts out slowly and you need to hang in there and trust the author.  It picks up slowly, and things start to fall into place.  Finally, the ending comes and it's so worth it.  Very good, and sets up the next two really well.  I'd say the 3rd and 4th are the best, but this one is better than 1 and 2.
 This book really convinced me to buy all the other Harry potter bOoks. I had listened to the other books on tape from the library but a friend actually let me borrow this book&gt; it was my favoarate from the series. I do not think anything could have topped it off..or so far has. I could not put it down and i would literally read one hundred pages at a time. it was a great feel good book, yet adventurous, and definetly appealed to ALL ages.( since im not in the average young child age group). It was a great investment. i was not lost after a couple years time gap&gt; it truly was great.
 Reasonable price
 Beautiful.
 My son LOVES Harry Potter books &amp; movies. The books have so much more detail than the movies, that for such a great price I couldn't pass this deal up. My son is now wanting ALL of the Harry Potter books.<br/><br/>This is a great book to get those kids who aren't that interested in reading, REALLY interested. The son who I purchased this book for almost NEVER likes to read, but this is one book he LOVES to read.<br/><br/>As an aside, reading Harrp Potter, or Fantasy books will not give your son or daughter "demon issues". If books with Wizards and magicians did that I and all of my friends who read "The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe" would have "demon issues" as well. LOL!
 I sat down to read book 5 and got so absorbed in the story I read the whole book straight through!  (I don't really recommend this, reading for 8 hours straight can do funny things to a person!)  It is so amazing how J. K. Rowling has kept the story fresh through every single book.  Not even a three year wait has dulled the story.  Now we just need book 6!
 Just as described.
 I'm a Harry Potter fan from my first reading of HP1, and I have all the books in audio format so I can listen to them whenever the mood strikes. I love the world of Harry Potter that J.K. Rowling created, and it's always a pleasure to visit it for the weeks it takes me to get through the audio books (once a year or so). I was a bit skeptical about this illustrated version when I first heard about it; one more way for the Harry Potter franchise to keep rolling in the dough, I thought. Then a friend brought her copy to show me, and I fell in love with it. It's a beautiful book to hold in one's hands. I don't need to read the words, having more or less memorized them, but Jim Kay's illustrations are lovely to gaze at when all I want is a reminder of the wonderful imaginary world of Harry Potter.
 If you think this edition with its wonderful illustrations will keep you, or a child you are considering buying it for, from fully using your imagination, you're wrong!  This is the edition I wish I could have given my young nephew to introduce him to the wonders of J.K. Rowling's stories.  The book is heavy, though, printed on high-quality, glossy paper.  I smiled as I paged through to look at the illustrations and can't wait to reread this first Harry Potter book, looking for the detail in each illustration.  Thank you, Jo Rowling, for allowing this book to be republished with illustrations, and thank you, Jim Kay, for the beauty of your work.
 Beautiful
 This is the first book of many in the Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling. I absolutely loved this book. I was actually scared for Harry Potter and the information that he was told about his parents, not being fully accepted by his Aunt, Uncle, and his cousin. I like stories where characters are living one life and then they come into another life that is completely opposite from what he grew up with. I absolutely loved reading this book and I look forward to reading the others. I would highly recommend this book to anyone and everyone that likes fantasy, wizards, magic in their stories. This is a good read.
 Book is beautiful good price. Fast shipping. Thank you
 In my twenties and reading this series for the first time.  I was not disappointed!  Buying the next one right now :)
 Fabulous!  Can't wait for the rest of the series to come out.
 beautiful, as expected. :)
 Simply stunning. A must own for any Potterhead.
 Great book!
 Love love love Harry Potter
 I’m 38 and am finally reading these books! The movies are fantastic but the books capture do much more! Cheers !
 A beautiful way to introduce children to the magic of Harry Potter! My 8 yr old loves it!
 J.K. Rowling has done it again... she is amazing!  The fifth installment in the Harry Potter series has kept the fire lit in my heart for these books.  No matter how young (or young at heart) you are, you will love these books.  The characters in The Order of the Phoenix have really grown -- and Rowling somehow knew just how to do it.  Rowling has been my favorite author for six months now (recieved books 1-4 Christmas 2002) and I ordered book 5 in January (of course from Amazon.com)  You can never say enough about Harry Potter and J.K. Rowling.  Amazing, Fantastic, Genius and downright Magical!
 Another great potter book
 I love it! Its amazing quality and goregous! Highly recommend!
 Re read all of her books all the time they never disappoint and they are always better then the movies.
 Nice
 Love this book. Everything I thought it would be!
 So amazing. The illustrations are super great. Love it.
 Hmmm... I liked it a lot, not sure I loved it. Nothing much different, and the usual big "good vs evil" scene towards the end is definitely kind of stale.<br/>But I read it straight through, enjoyed it enough, and can't wait for the next one.<br/>I do hope we haven't seen the last of Fred and George, though!
 Time to engage my 9 year old grandson!
 Amazing!!!!
 Once again, JK Rowling has come through with an exciting and realistic book. Realistic in that teenagers do go through times when they are unreasonably moody. I read it in about five days, mostly on the bus to and from work and at lunch - averaging about 125 pages per day.<br/>Now I can hardly wait for the next one!
 Perfect!
 Perfect!
 Loved this book it was so good and interesting, put more books on amazon, once again loved this book a lot.
 Daughter thrilled and quick delivery.
 So perfect 💜
 Las ilustraciones son realmente lindas. Perfecto.
 Beautiful pictures. A must have for all Potter lovers.
 Good audio version of a classic.
 If I could I would give this 6 stars!  I'm so excited to receive my copy of the illustrated Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  I've been reading the series since it came out, and of course loved the movies as they were released.  Now as a mom I look forward to introducing my boys to the world of Harry Potter when they are old enough.  I'm going to keep ordering the illustrated versions as they are released.<br/><br/>I have not yet started reading the book but have paged through the illustrations and I'm amazed at the beauty of each page.  Can't wait to re-introduce myself to Harry, Ron, Hermione and the gang!
 This is the third set of Harry Potter CD's I've listened to.  All marvelously performed by Jim Dale who brings each and every character to life.  I found myself leaning forward in my seat, even though I've read the story as well.  Highly recommended - I'm listening to them a second time.
 Love this book. I have all the first set. The drawings are perfect.
 Ten points to Gryffindor! The illustrations are beautiful and nicely compliment the storyline.
 Nice and new book with no damage!
 This is my second favorite of all the Harry Potter books, and it features some of the best writing in the series. I won't say much about it because everyone has read it by now. But I will answer the question about why making the Triwizard Cup the portkey instead of something else. If it was just any old object then there was no guarentee that HP would touch it first, even if it was his Firebolt. Furthermore, there's no telling which day Harry would touch his Firebolt so Voldemort and Wormtail would have no idea when he would be coming. Also it would have been harder for Crouch Jr to get to HP's stuff without arousing suspicion. The Triwizard Cup was the only thing possible, and still he had almost failed.<br/><br/>Anyway, this a great and well written novel with a lot of action and suspense, and it is also one of the darkest books I have ever read. Highly recommended.
 I always need to download it after a day, if I would like to continue reading.
 Although the Kindle editions add animations that are well worth the extra couple of dollars over the regular ebook, my main complaint is that I was unable to enjoy the full experience on my Kindle of Windows app and I didn't expend the effort to view it on my tablet to get the larger screen size. Without a very large screen, the details in the artwork get lost and things like the text descriptions in the diagram of the troll require excessive effort to read.<br/><br/>For the most wizard-like experience, DEFINITELY buy this ebook as the artwork is fantastic.
 Absolutely stunning book!
 Bday gift for my son.
 While controversy may still surround the subject matter of Rowling's books, she nevertheless delivers a literary masterpiece in the latest, greatest edition to her ever-popular series. This book is the biggest, and darkest, of them all, bringing our hero Harry closer to his ultimate encounter with the dark lord "he-who-shall-not-be-named". He must also face a wretched school administrator, an antagonistic house elf, and impotent magical government authorities. Luckily for Harry he has a host of loyal friends to help him through this maze of uncertainty.<br/>I have read the book, and have listened to the sound recording featuring Jim Dale and if I had a choice, I would highly recommend that you purchase the CD or audio version. Dale is an extraordinarily talented voice actor. He brings each character to life in a humorous, energetic matter. Absolutely fabulous.<br/>Cris Cunningham
 Can't have too much Harry Potter
 This book has large print, but is not the illustrated version shown in most of the customer pictures.
 Doesn’t disappoint
 My copy just came in the mail! Amazing artwork! Great quality especially for the low price!! Hope they do this with whole series!!
 Great book, and Jim Dale is a wonderful voice reader.
 RE-READ THE MAGIC!<br/>Being that I am an adult and was also an adult when I read this story the first time it was published  I kind of surprised myself when I knew I had to own this copy. So glad that I listened to my enter Hermione and brought it. What a wonderful copy this is. It really brings the world of Harry Potter to life once more. The artwork is the real star to this book as well as the size. If you are a fan of HP this is a must have, If you have a child who has never read HP, this is a must have. What a great Christmas gift this will make. I am thinking of buying copies to donate to my local library and children's hospital. The movies are great but nothing is better than opening the book and getting lost in the pages. Thank You again, JKR.
 Everybody that loves Harry Potter NEEDS this book!
 Best books
 This may be the best of the four Harry Potter books. It's long, but my children (8 through 11) finished it in a few days. Because it is scarier than the earlier books, you should read the book first if your child tends  to get frightened. Also, even though this book stands well on its own, it's  a lot more enjoyable if you have read the earlier books.
 Missing 50 pages in a chapter.
 This book is so stunning! I was very delighted to see that it came with great packaging. I was reading some other reviews and someone said that because of poor packaging, their book was damaged. Luckily, they must have listened because my book came wrapped in tight plastic with a thick piece of cardboard covering the cover. I have ordered books from Amazon before and the book jackets have been slightly bent, but not this one! Very impressed :) What can I say about the illustrations?? They are impeccable. I am in awe over this book; everything about it is perfect. I have been a fan of the Harry Potter series for a while and this puts the icing on the cake. Every page is beautifully decorated and some pages are full of illustrations while some are lightly illustrated. No matter what, every page is sure to surprise you. Would I recommend this book? Yes! I love it and can't wait to read...
 Pre-ordered this book - once I heard about it through a friend, I had to have it, plus it released the day before my birthday! When it finally arrived, I didn't realize that it was going to be the actual Sorcerer's Stone book - I love it even more for that! I cannot wait to start reading it, I browsed through most of the artwork already, its all beautiful. A must for any Harry Potter lover! :)<br/>Only downside about my order is how long the shipping took - if I would have known it was going to take as long as it did to get to my house, I would have just bought it from the bookstore; it would have saved me from paying for the shipping. The tracking was inaccurate and was the longest shipping experience I've had with Amazon. Because I'm an avid Harry Potter fan and the book itself is so great is the only reason I'm giving this 5 stars!
 great condition
 In 2012 I bought this for my son to finish out his Harry Potter Collection of books. He is reading the series right now after reading it in school.
 This was I think a very exciting year for Harry Potter and I was trying to guess the title of the 4th Harry Potter book and I actually found out that some did know the EXACT title a few weeks before it was released and I could not believe that they<br/>(whoever those people are,) was able to get it correct.  I think I would have chosen not to try and find out Although I was eager to find out the title.  The Burrow, The Quidditch World Cup, The incident "Masmordre" The Dark Mark in the sky, Mad Eye Moody the guests from Beaxbaton and Durmstrang meeting Karkoroff and Maddam Maxine the students Fleur Dela Coeur and Krum.  I really liked the Tri Wizard Tournament.  And He Who Must Not Be Named<br/>gets his body and welcomes the Death Eaters his true family (unnervingly sad I think) and Harry potter in a wizard duel<br/>then Priori Incantatem.  a excellent book I will continue to remember<br/><br/> ...]
 Beautiful illustrations... collectors level product!
 JK Rowling is a lovely unicorn sent to bless us with words.
 As the "Harry Potter" series has progressed, we see more mature elements included in the story. This time, Harry has become a bit resentful as he is cut off from the wizarding world while at<br/>the Dursley's, and once again he faces danger in a number of forms. At the end, Professor Dumbledore explains why he was treating Harry in less than a "fatherly" way.  You can expect<br/>many twists and turns as Harry has to cope wtih the Ministry of Magic as it pokes it's nose<br/>into the business of Hogwart's and it's Headmaster. Buy it for yourself and your children.<br/>It's a series that makes reading fun!
 Beautiful book. Perfect for any fan. Illustrations are breathtaking.
 The book was fast to arrive!
 Product as described. Fast shipping.
 I really enjoy this for those long car trips.  I can listen again and again.  The reader is excellent and keeps me on the edge of my seat as he reads out loud the exciting scenes I had read throughout the book.  The pictures are reenacted in my head over and over.  If you like a "good read" on the road or any old time....This is perfect.  Especially if you are already hooked on Mr. Potter.
 Book and images well drawn and arrived sooner than I expected
 Good gift
 So after watching these movies and loving them I decided to read the books, and boy did I wanna punch myself in the face for not reading the books first, these books are competely amazing I can't say I'm shocked at what happens, well because I already watched all of the movies. And wow these movies do stay true to the book. A reason why I really wanted to read this series also was to see what Harry was thinking when all these things were happing to him. I thought the books were a lot better then most of the movies. But I can't say that I would re read these books and why would I when I can just re watch them.
 nice book and my son loves the illustrated version of the book
 I couldn’t imagine listening to this book without Jim Dale. Different voices for each character and the accent! Two thumbs up!
 Beautiful full page colored illustrations - classic book! My 12 year old loves it!
 Kept my attention the whole way through the book! Great writer! Can’t believe I waited so long to read these books!!
 Such a well made addition to any HP lover's collection!
 I loved this book because it was an action filled thriller that I would recommend to anyone who is looking for a good read.
 Absolutely beautiful illustrations. Worth owning.
 Perfect for all ages! Especially Harry Potter fans. It's filled with illustrations and tells the whole story.  A must buy!
 Beautiful pictures. Great addition to a much-loved book.
 Totally worth every penny. I absolutely love this book. I cant wait to have them all.
 great product arrived promptly very happy
 Love the photo edition!
 A+
 I only got started on the Harry Potter books at the end of '07 on the recommendation of my cousin.  She told me that I would love it and so far I have.  So far this is my favorite, I love the emotions and the lines that are starting to really be seen in the characters and watching them evolve is so real, I can remember feeling the same as some of the characters.  Awesome book for new and old readers.
 Beautiful!
 If you've got an imagination, these CDs are better than the movies.  You can listen to them to and from work.  Makes commuting a lot less stressful and a lot more interesting.  The Harry Potter series itself is absolutely awesome.  Struggling through good and evil, Harry Potter enchants the imagination and leaves you wondering at the mystery.  When the book is done, you'll be looking forward to the next.  I personally look forward to the opportunities I have to sit down and listen.  All of the story CDs are read by the same narrator and he does voices for the different charectors.  The CDs are done very well.  Definitely worth the extra money to get them in this format.  Even if I'd read all the books, I'd say this format is a worth while purchase.
 Not what description advertises as
 Only complaint: Not enough drawings of Hermione!
 Love the movies but there was a lot of differences in them. I could see some scenes that were in the movie in my mind as I read the book.
 The illustrations are exquisite. What a beautiful book.
 It's was really good and thank you..
 My favorite book, my favorite author
 The illustrations in this book are amazing! My 5 year old son loves it!
 Beautifully done
 Beautiful!
 Great illustrations. Love this book!
 It's plain and simple, if you liked the first two - then you will love this one as well.  Rowling gets more creative and imaginative as she goes and indeed, she knows how to keep you on the edge of your seat as you read.  This is part of the most universally appealing set of books that I have read.  Enjoy!
 Harry Potter is in his 3rd year of Hogwarts ready to take on the craziest adventure in Hogwarts.The main characters are Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger. There Harry’s 2 best friends he met in his first years at hogwarts and there all Gryffindors (which is a different house out of 4 house’s which shows your team ). Harry Potter has been told that a man named Serious Black is after him to kill him. Harry is in terrible trouble because this man is no ordinary man. He is a follower of You Know Who (Voldemort) and has been in Azkaban for over 12 years, but escaped this year to find Harry Potter. So Harry Potter and his friends (Ron and Hermione) must defend each other by any obstacles that come in there way, for instance Harry trying to stop the Dementors(flying ghost type enemies).<br/><br/>My opinion about the book is that this is an amazing series of creative thoughts and adventures. I’d recommend this book if you're into fantasy books that have crazy adventures in it. This book keeps you really entertained and focus. The authors name is J.K Rowling and created more than 7 books of the Harry Potter series. You should read this if your entertained my magical books, gods, and adventure series.
 Delivered quickly with a fantastic classic inside the box. The book came in perfect condition, a purchase very well made.
 Its Harry Freaking Potter.<br/>ART IS GORGEOUS
 I liked the book and all my friends like it as well. I can not wait to read the next book!
 Great book
 One of the coolest things ever. It's beautiful.
 Loved it
 My 7 yo. granddaughter loves Harry and I've bought this book to add to her collection.  She's reading book 3 right now.  I'm sure she'll love it for Christmas.
 Beautiful illustrations!
 Great book for my nephew
 Bought these for my girl. She loves her binding.
 The Harry Potter series was requested by the residents who are in a Senior/Nursing home.  Many are active readers and enjoy the latest books.
 It's witchcraft!
 The fourth harry potter book was wonderful, it brings back characters from previous books and adds a lot to the ongoing story line. For me I thought it was an emotion filled book with suprising plot twists that you would  never have guessed. It is as actioned packed as the books preceeding it. It  keeps you interested, you never get board! I would tell everyone to read  this book. I just wish the next one was already out!
 Amazing book at a magically low price
 Who would have known a story about a little boy living under a cupboard named Harry Potter would become an international best-seller?  HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCER'S STONE is the first novel in a 7 book series that introduces the reader to an amazing world of magic.<br/><br/>The novel begins with Harry living with his aunt and uncle, the Dursleys.  Ever since Harry was dropped off at the Dursley's front doorstep 10 years ago, the Dursleys along with their hefty son, Dudley, have made his life almost unbearable.  It is not until a letter arrives, written with emerald-green ink, addressed for Harry Potter--The Cupboard under the Stairs--does Harry's life begin to radically change.<br/><br/>That's when a giant named Hagrid visits Harry and reveals to him, against the wishes of the Dursley's, that he is a wizard.  After Harry purchases all his school material from Diagon Alley, he leaves platform nine and three-quarters straight to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  Harry also learns he is famous, world renown, in the magical universe because of his faceoff with You-Know-Who, Voldemort!  Woops, I didn't say that!<br/><br/>The reader, for the first time, is teased in this novel with such unforgettable characters and stunning ideas that become much more prominent as the series plays out: Hogwarts, Dumbledore, Voldemort, Quidditch, Professor Snape, Professor McGonagall, Draco Malfoy, the Invisibility Cloak, Gryffindor, etc.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling's writing ability, imagination, and intuitive grasp of human nature gives her characters a depth that resonates in the core of the reader.  Harry, along with his best friends, Hermione and Ron, are so in tune, emotionally intact with one another that it makes the story so much more alive.  Before Harry knows it, his first year at Hogwarts involves not only learning magic but figuring out how to keep the Sorcerer's Stone from getting in the wrong hands.<br/><br/>This novel is a classic that will initiate the reader into a world of mystery.  The characters are so emotionally developed they become real in your heart.  It is a story so good and well thought out that it urges you to read on to the end.
 Can't wait for the next one.
 I received this item very quickly, and seeing as I'm with my husband in South Korea, that is a HUGE compliment. I've read all the books before and was very happy to get the chance to complete my own set. My only complaint would be that the pages looked slightly water damaged. They had a small sort of wavy look to them. To me thats not something to get mad about because a book is going to get worn anyways, but I know to some that may seem important to them. Overall I was very happy with my experience with Amazon and with this book.
 Wow, finishing this book only an hour ago, I have to say that the days of Lockhart and other wild antics seem to be long gone. Everything, including Dobby and Hagrid has turned much darker and more foreboding. I love the Harry Potter series, but I wish this book had more lighter moments to balance out the ominous tone in this book.
 Illustrations are wonderful!
 LOVE IT! Any Harry Potter fan would love this for their collection!
 I enjoyed this book. Rowling's a wonderful story teller and I am greatful for these books. However, getting to the end, I couldn't help but wish this was the final book in the series. Like Harry, I was getting tired of it all. I wanted resolution, closure. It's like a slasher movie where the villian gets killed and keeps coming back, again and again and again...
 As a librarian, I spend my life searching for the best books, especially for children.  But Harry Potter isn't just for them.  I've heard 9 to 90-year-olds describe the same sense of wonder at Harry's parallel universe  at Hogwarts.  Characters in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire grows in  complexity as Harry gets older. And unlike many sequels, the prose does not  seem to have lost any of the initial sparkle.  Maybe it's all those magic  wands!  To describe it in detail would be to give away the pleasure of  curling up with this marvelous book.  If you're wondering what to get your  kids this summer, consider it seriously.
 Great book!
 My Granddaughters Birthday present. She was so happy.
 I read Harry Potter so much and I love it I will definitely read again and I definitely recommend it.
 As  soon as the book arrived to my home I opened it and started reading it. Everything came the way it should. Great Condition. Good Service. Fast Shipping.
 Love all the Harry Potter books!
 Currently reading the whole series for the first time and I’m in love
 perfect
 This is a smooth and clever translation, perfect for the person who wants an enjoyable quick read to refurbish fluency in the language. The bright style of the original is preserved, and it is obvious that the translator has his own sense of humor as well, playing with words and phrasing without sacrificing accuracy. This book would make an excellent supplementary text for students at about second-year level.<br/>I would like to see the other books in the series put into Latin, although I know that is too much to hope for; however, these books would be a wonderful study series if translated in accord with the level of the book in English, each becoming more complex.
 Best book in the series.
 I love this book so much. It is by far the best series I've ever read J.K. Rowling is my favorite author
 This adventures book is about a young boy who has no knowledge of magic, sorcery, and evil encounters. Harry potter only knows of an abusing life with his selfish and destructive aunt and uncle, and their repulsive son, Dudley. However, one winters evening harry received a letter brought by a mysterious bleached white owl, that was inviting him to a remarkable place called Hogwarts. Harry was soon to discover a world he has never known, a world of magical experiences, and things he has only dreamed of. There he will discover his love for magic, friends, and much more. Harry will now realize his destiny that has been awaiting him, but it will take a lot of strength and courage to overcome the challenges he will face.<br/><br/> In this book, the experiences were as real as it could get. I felt so intrigued; I felt a connection with this novel. My personal connection to this book was with Harry's best friend, Ron Weasley. I felt this connection because Ron is Harry's greatest friend and Ron help harry with everything, he would do anything for harry. He was an astounding friend to everyone. Ron wasn't the most courageous but throughout the book and the series he found his bravery and showed it and became something of himself.<br/><br/> When you read this book, if you felt as connected and as fascinated, as I was than these are the books for you. Harry potter is a 7 book series and consists of the most invigorating adventures and encounters. However, there are other books than the Harry potter series, books that harry potter readers would enjoy would be "the lord of the rings trilogy" or "the hunger games". I think readers would enjoy these other novels because they are exciting and in depth and overflowing with detail on every page! You cannot go without reading these if you enjoyed harry potter and the sorcerer's stone.<br/><br/> This book is honestly such a great book, and I'm not just saying that. I am not the biggest reader out there, and I can't say this about most books but I completely loved this book and the rest of the series. Every time I read this book I feel like I'm in Hogwarts and I never want to leave! Every page is like a storm of detail and excitement. Every chapter is a new adventure and a new piece of the story, and right when you start you just want to find all the pieces. This book is like being in a world where anything can happen, and you can make it happen. I vastly encourage you to read this novel, and once you do I promise you will unquestionably love it.
 Of all 4 of JK Rowling's books, this was definitely the best. The beginning is captivating and grabs you from the very instant. The characters engaged in different challenges because of the special events at Hogwarts. To me, that was particularly refreshing and exciting to see, not only because book 4's plot differed from the first 3 books, but also because Ms. Rowling let us into a new perspectives of her wizard world, including other wizard schools. You cannot put the book down for a second towards the end because it's so gripping. The other 3 just didn't have that power. Number 4 by far surpasses the rest and explains a great deal between the relationships of the characters. I highly recommend it.
 These books are so beautiful. I can't wait for Jim Kay to release the next one!
 The wife loved it.
 I love this book! It’s a great price too, most I see in stores are much more expensive.
 Pictures as magically as the Harry Potter enhances the story. A wonderful addition to the world of Harry Potter text.
 Beautiful book.  My grandson was very pleased with it.
 Hejeh Jansen jejdje jsjejewj jejsjswj she a s was a good day I wanna was a good day I wanna
 A beautifully illustrated book. I truly hope they will do others in the series.
 I had already read this book, but I enjoyed the entire series. At times I like to re-read a book that I've read before. In this case the first time was when I borrowed it from my my local library. I've never purchased a used book before, but I thought I'd give it a try. I researched the ratings of several book sellers on Amazon and found one that seemed to be one that I felt I could trust. For the price I couldn't have made a better choice. I would definitely purchase a used book from this seller again. Thanks.
 I picked this gem up from Amazon and read it in a few days. I had read some reviews in this area and though people were a bit rough on the book until I read it. It is my least favorite Potter book however it was still a real good read. Potter just came off as a whinny little kid, far from his stature of the other books. He spent his 5th year screaming at his friends at the top of his lungs and in self pity about his life. There was one stretch in a chapter where I almost put the book down in disgust. But, it ended well. I found that this book had a lot of inconstancies in it and logic gaps that I resented. Why Crab and Goyle whom were seen with "You know who" didn't get called on it. Potter and the gang had several attempts to jab at the "whatever you Deatheater"... I just didn't like that logic flow and the parts with the new evil head master who sent the demontors after Harry and no one seems to care (well, it was never really explained past that).<br/><br/>Sure Potter is fantasy but the other books made sense to me in a lot of logical ways as far as story line goes.
 love anything hp
 Love these!
 Good book gook book good book good book good book ok ok ok ok ok ok dokey look hooky booky
 This isn't my first time reading this series.  The illustrations Maine this like an adult pop-up book.  The development of this series is so intricate yet eloquently done.
 Rowling did a wonderful job with this book, especially with expanding Harry's emotions--he's much more angry in this book, but she captures him very well.  After spending all day reading the book until I was done, I'm hoping she finishes the other two books quicker then this last one, but as she has a new baby, I can understand if it takes a while!
 I LOVED this book, as much as the previous books . . . despite 800+ pages, I can't wait for more. It's a fast read and full of much needed information -- for Harry and the readers!!  Ms. Rowling, keep them coming!  I know it must be difficult, but please don't make us wait another three years.
 This is a great series and we loved ready it too our kids.
 Much better deal than B&amp;N.<br/><br/>Such wonderful books!
 Granddaughter requested for Christmas. She was very happy with the blood!
 Super Cool!!!!!! I was amazed! Totaly beautiful!
 lovely book
 The book starts with Harry using magic to drive away dementors in front of his cousin, Dudley. Harry is almost expelled from Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardy, but isn't because he only used magic in self-defense. Harry goes back to school after visiting Sirius Black for a while with dreams of a corridor leading to a black door. The year goes on with him having these dreams until Christmas time when he has one where he was a snake and he attacked Mr. Weasley and it turned out to actually happen. The rest of the year continues with Harry still having these dreams of the corridor, he comes to figure out Voldemort is probably controlling the dreams; Harry gets further and further each time until he gets to a room with a bunch of orbs. Down one of the aisles Sirius is there getting tortured by Voldemort so Harry figures out it's in the Department of Mysteries in the Ministry of Magic and he goes to save Sirius. He was tricked. Sirius wasn't really there Voldemort was just messing with his mind. Sirius goes to save Harry and is killed. The Ministry now believes Voldemort has returned to power.
 Great book!
 nice
 I'm not supposed to be in the age range that this book appeals to but you shouldn't pay attention to that. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is smart, imaginative and keeps you guessing right to the end. A great  adventure to take your children on.
 The book is definitely great. I used to own it, but I don't know what happened to it. I replaced all of the books that went missing, and bought the ones I never owned. I purchased the third book, and when it came... it was still the book, but with a completely different cover than was advertised. I thought it might have been the UK version, but it turns out it's the "children's version", or so my sister told me. Either way, the book is still the same. That's why I'm giving this rating a 4 star instead of 5.
 I love the illustrations!
 What a beautiful,gorgeous book. I hope we will see more!!
 I received the book before I expected to and it was in great condition.  Very happy with my purchase.
 Came on time, as described.
 Great book with on time shipping!
 A must for all HP enthusiasts.
 I bought the books for my children and we have all enjoyed them.  We live in Mexico, so I struggled to get them in spanish.  My surprise begun when my 10 and 7 year old children began writting their own stories, but with a structure that I wouldn't have imagined that they could achieve.  I undoubltly know that it were the books that opened that door for them, in addition to the fun of reading them.
 It's great to have this fine quality volume in my collection.  I will buy every forthcoming "Anniversary" edition of the Potter series.  With the J.K. Rowling's own sketch of Snape included here, I wonder why she did not illustrate all of her books.  Her sketch of Snape is exactly how I imagined him and has much more gravitas and interest than the rather too whimsical drawings of her illustrator.
 So beautiful. I purchased to read to my six year old and he loves it.
 Great plot, great characters; I read this without reading the two preceding books after my 15-year-old daughter told me not to.  I just couldn't resist it after I read about the biting books!  Now I get to read  the others!
 Exactly as advertised. Will look for this seller again.
 The Kindle in Motion version of this beloved book is simply marvelous!  I love it. I'm an adult, no children, and a huge Harry Potter fan. I own or have owned all the versions with the exception of the hardcover illustrated. When the Kindle version of the illustrated book became available I ordered it right away. I had no idea that many of the illustrations would be in motion. What a delightful surprise.  I can spend many happy hours studying the wonderful, detailed illustrations in this book. Highly recommend!
 Brand new. Very nice.
 There is nothing more satisfying than a lavishly illustrated story.  Jim Kay's art brings new depth to Rawlings familiar tale and returns us to the odd quirkiness and clutter of the Wizarding world that the movies drained from our minds eye.<br/><br/>Harry's cupboard is dark,  spider infested yet jammed with personal items.  Harry's expression reminds us that this was his refuge and home.<br/><br/>Hagrid has kind eyes but a fierce presence and the way the motor cycle handlebars look like pencils in his massive grip made me laugh.<br/><br/>Jim Kay clearly adores these characters and his illustrations are a love poem to JK Rowling that we get to share.<br/><br/>You need this book in your library.
 For as much as I use Amazon, I've never left a written review before.  However, I felt so strongly about this, I had to give this book it's due, and its absolutely amazing.  The Harry Potter story and books are fantastic and should be read, either with this particular book or another. However, what sets this book apart are the beautifully well-done illustrations that fill its pages (not every page, but a large majority).  The pages are thick and glossy.  I am already anxiously awaiting the next book to be illustrated.  Would recommend without hesitation to any Harry Potter fan or anyone other interested party.
 Wonderful narration of still evolving story. I'm way past young adult and I think it's a great story. Bravo Ms. Rowling.
 Really enjoyed this book!
 Great from kids, love it
 Great addition to the collection.
 I purchased this book, not only to help me with learning Irish and comparing differences, and it is true to the story and consistent with our version.  I believe an Gaelic reader would enjoy it very much, and those who are learning Gaelic would certainly learn alot!  (Just wish they'd change the jacket picture...does not do the book justice)
 as described
 This book has the potential of being the Greatest book ever. I read the book everyday after work. I think that The Goblet of Fire is my all time favorite so far in the series.The non-stop action and adventure kept my  eves glued to the pages, when I finished I was wanting 200 or more pages. I  did not want the book to end. I am telling all my friends!. You can not  enjoy reading any more than reading the stories about Harry Potter and all  his friends. I can not wait for Book 5! .
 It's absolutely beautiful and I adore this version of the book!
 Pleased.
 Love the book, as I did when I was younger. The illustrations are wonderful, albeit lacking in continuity and, at times, context. We'll anxiously be waiting for the Goblet of Fire next year and the illustrated version of Fantastic Beast next month.
 The book cane damage. 😔
 High quality illustrations. Perfect for a Potternerd.
 This is a dark book in which Harry's lifetime of problems come full circle.  He's angry, and refuses to listen to what anyone tells him to.  Harry's blant disregard for authority gets someone killed.  And once again Dumbledor knows all but refuses to tell anything until the end of the book.  I would not recommend this book to anyone under the age of 15.
 This book was so unbelievably good, I just couldn't put it down! It took me about two days to read it, just over a week to read the entire 4 books! J.K. Rowling is brilliant once again in her attempt to write about Harry's 4th year experiences at Hogwarts. As always, it had tons of drama and mystery and Malfoy's taunting of Harry makes it an all around excellent book! I can't wait until the 5th book comes out!!
 One of the best purchases I've ever made! We are huge Harry Potter fans in this house and already have several copies of the books. I have the paperback set that lines up to show an illustration of Hogwarts which sits on our main bookshelf, then I have a set of original hardbacks for my Harry Potter collection shelf, and then I have several copies of each book for my classroom library. This illustrated edition is my new favorite part of my Harry Potter collection! The illustrations are GORGEOUS!  The book is hard cover with a beautiful illustrated paper sleeve. The pages are thick and sturdy. The pictures have many hidden secrets and you could spend hours at a time just looking at the details of the illustrations.<br/><br/>I can't wait for the next illustrated edition to be released.
 beautiful illustrations
 Beautiful pages!
 Great book!! A lot better than the movie!! The book goes into better detail.
 ...this is still a fun-to-read fantasy and as charming and deserving of all the hype!  I never read any of the others in the series, but this one was enough that I don't feel like a complete failure when it comes to the pop culture phenomenon of Harry Potter.  Breezy, amusing and whimsical.  Oh, yeah...and better than the movie!
 I am a 50 year old woman who picked this up in a friends powder room as a distraction. Now I've ordered the entire set and can not wait to see all the movies. I was, as a kid, a fan of such series as the "Brains Benton Mysteries (Nancy Drews geeky male counterpart); and then later Thomas Covenant and Hitchhikers Guide. But Harry blows them all away!  This is a series for all ages as long as you have imagination and are young at heart. If you think you are not, Harry will remind you. What a wonderful way to wind down from a day filled with too much reality.<br/>Bravo to Rowling
 So happy to add this to my collection!
 Book was a gift. Recipient was very pleased with it.
 It is such a cool book, love it
 Just Amazing!
 While a darker book than the others, it is still a fascinating tale with twists and turns.  Jim Dale's reading of this book transports you to Hogwarts and Platform 9 3/4 in the blink of an eye.  He is such a dynamic reader, using all the voices of the characters.  Can't wait for Book 6.
 My god, this is beautiful. I knew it was going to be great but I honestly almost had the sensation of holding a new Harry Potter book in my hands. I sat down and read the first few pages and it was an insanely different, yet nostalgic, experience from when I originally read the first book as an 8 year old.  The illustrations are beautifully drawn and well placed. There are just enough drawings, not too few, not one every page. The book itself is fairly large but it's much nicer to see Jim Kay's illustrations that way. I will 100% be collecting all 7 of these  as the release, and while I will definitely read through each one, I am most excited to one day share them with my children.
 My nephew loves the book!
 The book is so amazing 😭
 AMAZING!!!!!
 Potter is priceless for kids of all ages, and I'm 66!  Be sure to buy the U.S. edition, as it is by far a much better quality. Better design, paper, typestyle----everything, but even the Limey edition is grrrreat!  Don't  panic.....I'm English.
 what else is there to say?  fun, complex stories, lots of excitement and action, with the good guy winning - yay!
 These books are so beautiful! I love them!!
 Why do they keep saying these books are for children?  I am 38 and I totally loved every one of them.  This book was Awsome!  It was a lot darker than the other three.  As a teacher I'm not sure that I would read  this one to my class.  My 11 year old son finished it in 5 days.  He  couldn't put it down.  I love seeing kids excited about reading again!  When will the next one be published?  I can't wait.
 I have not completely finished this book yet, but so far, it is awesome!!!! Even in the very beginning, it completely captures your interest.  I've read all the other books and of course, loved them!  I know that this will be one of the best!
 Beautiful artwork! A must have for any Harry Potter fan.
 Beautifully illustrated
 Harry potter and the Order of the Phoenix is easily the best Harry potter yet. This book features lots of action an awsome plot and many other twists and turns through out the book i would recommend this book to any body child or adult as it is easily the best book i have ever read or listend to
 Love it! Beautiful!
 beautiful book.
 It seems Amazon is forcing me to review this book, I can’t get out of the app, four words to go.
 Perfect.
 I really liked the 5th book. Although it was a very negative tone the whole way through. Much more negative then the other four. As Harry gets older his temper grows and nothing seems to go right for him. A sad but exellent ending. I don't want to spoil it but for a little hint...I NEVER would have expected the outcome. A tragic thing happens and it was such a shocker that I was mad about it. I definatly loved this book and it is my second favorite out of all five.
 Amazing book
 I'm 60 and I really enjoyed it.  Not Shakespeare, but it was a fun, easy read.  My 6 year old made it through it, too.  But decided not to read any more.  It was getting "scarey".
 700+ pages seems daunting to most people who read this (whether they are child or adult), but shortly after you start reading, the pages are flying by. JK Rowling was able to hold my interest throughout the book. In fact, I  can't wait for Book 5.
 this book will be added to my harry potter book collection.  I will be able to read and read again.<br/><br/>thank you very much.
 I just received my copy. It's absolutely beautiful! I can't wait to read it to my grandson!!!
 My five year old loves this!
 Girlfriend loves it
 Beautiful illustrations!
 Great for those learning Spanish! I am intermediate level, and this has helped grammar/ overall comprehension greatly. Plus it is fun!
 I bought Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Audio CD narrated by Stephen Fry.  Since Amazon started combining all the reviews together for all the editions of books, including audio books, it is impossible to tell what anyone is reviewing anymore!!<br/><br/>Before buying this audio book, we listened to samples online read by both Jim Dale and Stephen Fry.  We agreed that there was absolutely no comparison.  The Stephen Fry recording won hands down.  His voices for all of the characters are good or better and his reading of Hagrid, in particular, is totally brilliant.  Now we want to hear the rest of them and I'm sorry I didn't buy the whole set, which would have been cheaper.
 I don't know how you could not give this book 5 stars. It has beautiful drawings. It makes me want to read the book over and over again. There is not a single white page... everything has either ink drops or drawings or something. These would be perfect for reading to your children, or letting them read to you (as the case may be). I have already preordered Chamber of Secrets, and I can guarantee you that every other book will be in my collection as they come out. The pages are a nice weight and have a gloss, but not too high of a sheen. This is the full text. The book isn't that thick (but I can't imagine what some of the later books are going to look like since they are so thick anyway). This is the original version. So please keep in mind that though it has been changed from Philosopher to Sorcerer, you may see some other words that are a little more British.
 ...JK Rowling's problem is simple: She doesn't have anyone editing her anymore.<br/>Whereas the first three books were a slim 300-400 pages, long by children's book standards but a good size for a real novel, things have obviously gotten out of control. The page size alone has ballooned to an unhealthy 897 pages. If Rowling things that she can hold our interest by casually dropping names like "Muddlewump" and "Fizz-Bangers", she's sorely mistaken.<br/>I remember reading in an article that Rowling said the world is so filled-out, she could write a novel on every character who appears, from Draco Malfoy to Dedalus Diddle. This, my friends, is not necessarily a good thing. This means side plots galore - annoying, irrelevant side plots that plagued book 4, like Hermione's pointless campaign for the house elves, or the fake gold scam with the Weasley twins and Ludo Bagman.<br/>Fortunately this time around, Rowling has focused in on the one and only plot that matters - Harry vs. Voldemort. Because Harry is the only person who matters, and she seems to have realized this. The book has instead another problem - it's too dark, too depressing, and for too long. Harry's story is no longer pleasant to deal with, because it is so utterly depressing and obviously deeply traumatizing to him. He is often in a state of shock, physical or emotional pain, or some kind of depressed stupor from all the horrible stuff that continually happens to him, and it's quite painful to read. The reader misses the old Harry of the first three books, who was in wonder and amazement at the magical world, and had dangerous adventures because he wanted to, not because they were brought upon him. It set a lighter tone for the books and now that tone has become too dark for even the mature reader to want to deal with. Certainly, it's too long to deal with the subject in such a manner. The trials and tribulations of Harry Potter become almost painful to read about - we the readers become desperate for someone to come in and say or SOMETHING positive that actually helps.<br/>Much like the last 5 chapters of "The Goblet of Fire," Harry's problems are so monumental and overwhelming that no one around him except Dumbledore is able to begin to comprehend, much less help him solve, them. This time, the problems only worsen and Dumbledore, the all-forgiving, all-knowing plot device is often not present. There is no comfort for Harry and none for the readers. His friends, remaining family, and the adults surrounding him become irrelevant because they are simply not relevant to this main plotline that concerns on him and Voldemort, and therefore unable to give him even the lightest bit of advice. His old supports of Ron, Hermione, and perhaps even Neville and Sirius occasionally try to comfort him, only to be confounded by the gravity of the events surrounding him. Harry Potter the plotline has outgrown them all. He is no longer the Boy Who Lived But Also Goes To School And Is A Quidditch Player, he is merely the Boy Who Lived.<br/>In an ideal world, where someone had the gall to stand up to Rowling and make suggestions, these might have been made:<br/>Book 4 "The Goblet of Fire"<br/>"Gee, do you think you could cut the elf plotline? And the blackmail plotline? And the Yule Ball that goes nowhere? And Reeta Skeeter?"<br/>Book 5 "Order of teh Phoenix"<br/>"Gee, could you please do something with Harry other than give him some new sort of deep-seeted trauma?"<br/>Rowling needs to be told that makes fun, exciting plots that involve Harry in some way but are not horribly depressing.<br/>I do not especially recommend this book. Well, certainlly anyone who's going to continue reading the series needs to read it, there's no way around that. But if you're going to get into the whole series (which is a worthwhile endeavor as a whole), don't get into it just so you can read this book, or you will be disappointed. Get into it for the wonder of book 1 or the magic of boko 3. Treat this one as rather long exposition on the horribleness of being Harry Potter and wait for the ending in book 7.
 The book arrived in perfect condition. The quality is excellent and the price is unbeatable.
 Love this book. Highly recommended!!
 Came in perfect condition
 This book is really good. I always thought Harry Potter was just for kids, but kept up with the movies. After seeing the Half-Blood Prince movie, I was so curious, I decided to find out what happens in the story. I started from the beginning and worked my way through the books. This book was really good, and there are parts that the movie never touches. Great read for any Potter fan out there young or old.
 Great book
 Although I have seen the films I still found that, because of the excellent way J K Rowling writes, it was a very enjoyable read.
 This book was missing tons of pages!
 Bought it for a friend  in prison. They enjoyed  it.
 Great book!
 It is nice to see that Harry shows emotions and how exciting; dates for the first time. Unfortunately his school sweethart is not the right match so he moves on. Harry is quite a complex character which will be more and more exciting in the following books. Who will survive and who will die. I think we are looking forward to some wicked and wonderful experiences in the future.<br/>As a muggle, I can not wait!<br/>Well done.
 I picked up this book as a whim 3 years ago when I was 22 because i wanted to see what the hype was all about. I was hooked after chapter 2.  This book starts the whole Harry Potter trend. If you like fantasy, Sci-fi, and great characters, please pick up this book.  You will not regret it, and will be running out to pick up the rest.
 Absolutely beautiful book!
 Gorgeous collector's book, great quality paper, beautiful illustrations!
 Beautiful
 Listened to this with my son, a great way to experience the book again.  Can't wait to listen to them all.
 Beautiful illustrations.  Love it.  Can't wait for the rest!
 This series is great as an audio book.
 Not my favorite of the books but it was a great start and very imaginative. Harry Potter is my favorite character in literary fiction. There's nothing I can say that others have already said before.
 Great addition to our Harry Potter collection.
 Beautifully illustrated
 Absolutely great pick!
 Book was as they described it
 One of my favorite books! Every child should read this great story.
 Very good read! Had a hard time putting it down! I can't wait to read the Order Of The Phoenix.
 Beautiful book, got my kids to fight over who got to read it first, which is a first.
 Jim Dale is a great narrator with all the different character voices.
 With this being the fourth book in the Harry Potter, I love the plot in this book. I love the whole Tri-wizard tournament. The characters that are in this book. Mad-Eye Moody is one of my favorites even though in this book he was a imposter throughout the whole book. This was the first book and movie that I read/seen. So I had to actually back track with the first three books, but I still enjoyed the series very much. I would highly recommend this story in these series to anyone and everyone. It is definitely a good read in my opinion.
 My mother asked me to read the first Harry Potter book, as she was trying to get my nephew to read it.  He is 9 years old... and his mother thought the books were satanic in nature.  I am 31 years old, and I read the first three books in two days, I couldn't put them down.  There is nothing satanic about these books, and they encourage the use of a child's imagination.  I urge every parent out there that hasn't read the Harry Potter books, to please read them and judge for yourself, rather than listen to what other people think about the books.  They are really wonderful reads.
 Beautifiul Book!
 My daughter LOVES it.
 Love it!!
 This is a beautiful book. The illustrations are amazing.
 Praise J.K. Rowling! I couldn't wait for this book, and when I received it on 7/8, I couldn't put it down! It took me two whole days, but I am finished. Harry is in some of the scariest tangles of his life...I laughed,  I cried, and I got shaky with fear. Ms. Rowling also does a great job of  putting Harry, Ron and Hermione through the obvious tough beginnings of  adolescence. I am curious to see where she will take some of these story  lines. A fantastic, spellbinding sequel to the rest, and by far the most  exciting yet!
 Cool!  When Harry went to the Quidditch World Cup, he saw the Dark Mark, Voldemort's signature symbol for the first time in his life!  When I first read that along with the revelation of the Death Eaters, I was certain Voldemort was about to return!  When he did, Harry was nearly murdered but managed to escape with the help of the voices of his parents during the duel.  On a happier note, when Hermione went to the Yule Ball with Viktor Krum, I was ecstatic for her that she got a boy!  Also, on a more serious Hermione-related matter, she began to take a powerful stand for house-elves!  One big surprise was Barty Crouch Jr. nearly had Harry killed in disguise as a teacher, Mad-Eye Moody to be exact.  More pleasing surprises were the return of Dobby from Chamber of Secrets and Madame Maxime going out with Hagrid. In the matter of Ron, the way he treated Harry between the beginning of the tournament and the end of the first task showed me a side of him I never thought he had, a jealous one.  As for Fudge, I have not forgiven him for the way he stood firm for his disbelief that Voldemort returned, especially since in the next book, he used the full extent of his power to smear all who spoke that foreboding truth, most of all, Dumbledore and Harry!
 I couldn't think of going anywhere to buy my copy of Harry Potter. I am a huge fan of the story. The book is beautiful 👏🏽👏🏽
 Oh I love it and so do my kids!
 I loved this book and it was so easy to handle on the kindle! No more huge books for me?😀😁😝😝😝😝
 This book is nearly 900 pages long, but it holds your attention throughout. Few people believe Harry and Dumbledore's assertion tha Lord Voldemort is back. The Ministry of Magic wants to take over Hogwarts and drive out Dumbledore's supporters.<br/><br/>But there is a faithful remnant called the Order of the Phoenix who are united in their efforts to keep Voldemort from taking control of the wizard world. Another great volume in the HP series.
 Bought this for my son and he loves them and so does his mother.
 Lovely illustrations
 Beautiful illustrations!
 The magic we saw in our minds when reading the book put into drawings
 💛💙💜💚❤
 Sweet
 Harry Potter. With illustrations. Enough said.
 Perfect!
 Love it!
 I am a huge Harry Potter fan.  I wore out my first copy of these discs and could not go without one.  This was so much cheaper than going to a store where you have to be lucky to find one.  The box was a little worn but the product is perfect.  Thanks, Harry and I can continue to be friends.  By the way I'm a retired school teacher and have seen kids go from being uninterested in reading to avid readers thanks to the Harry Potter series.  I've even seen kids start with listening to the audios first to wanting to read it for themselves.  These books, audios, movies didn't sell millions for nothing.  They teach could moral living and values like few books have ever done.  Donna Hicks
 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is my favorite book of the series.  It contains more mysteries, hightened emotions, more complex relationships - everything you would expect a 15 year old boy to be going through, and more.  I was riveted to every page and read the entire book in two days.  I wanted to launch straight into book 6.  I just hope I don't have to wait another 2 or 3 years for it!
 Love this book the art is amazing
 The books are awesome so i ordered the movies.  This is a great collection and it came with a book jacket.
 Love the new covers. Collecting them all. Wonderful series.
 It starts off a bit slow, but this book is a winner!  An honest-to-goodness page turner, I could not put it down.  While it lacks the cover-to-cover emotional intensity of "The Prisoner of Azkaban", it does have a great number of shining moments.<br/>There are any number of surprise appearances of almost-forgotten characters from other books.  A few scenes had me laughing out loud, and a few more had me weeping.  One of my most beloved characters, Neville, plays a bigger part than ever before...something that had me grinning from ear to ear.<br/>And a final note - this is a dark, dark book....WAY darker than "Goblet of Fire".  To be honest, I don't know if I would read it to anyone under the age of 8 or so.  It was great...but dark.<br/>Can't wait to see where this series goes next!
 This is the third timeto read this book. It is wonderful as i the first time to read. Excellent!
 I came right when it was supposed to.
 We liked mostly everything
 Given the hiaitus between books 4 and 5 of this acclaimed series, I was concerned about the quality of the book.  I should have known better.  J.K. Rawlings delivers again!  This is an excellent book - immediately drawing the reader into the world of wizards and muggles.
 Me agrado muchísimo regalo para mi sobrino le encanto
 This book is beautiful! It's perfect for any HP fan!!
 I loved all seven books read them many many times seen all movies many many times
 Seriously beautiful illustrations!!
 wow - it's beautiful....
 Beautifully illustrated book!
 Great animation for the n reading this story. It would better if we have all Harry books.<br/>Thank you<br/>Chi
 Awesome really enjoyed the pictures and motion
 My hubby loves to read but being a truck driver he does not have the time. So I purchased the books on CD for him and he says that it helps him get hundreds of miles down the road. He has seen the movies but did not realize how much more was in the books and now can see how the all add up. He loves the product. I ordered the Goblet of Fire and Order of the Phoenix for his birthday.
 I just finished the book, and plan on reading it again. Harry's world is now wracked by intrigue, betrayal, and wonderful adventures. Ms Rowling did not let us down with this book. I can't wait until the next one comes out. I'll just have re-read this one again and again.
 you can never go wrong with harry potter, brilliant!
 This is one of the longest in the Harry Potter series. Harry returns to Hogwarts School of Wizardry for a 4th year. The triwizard tournament happens this year, and even though Harry is not old enough to volunteer, someone puts is nme in the Goblet of Fire, and he gets chosen to play in the dangerous tournament.<br/><br/>The book is absorbing, but at times, you wonder if it could have been shorter. Still, it is essential reading.
 I really think this book shows the development of her writing; it feels smoother when you read it since she has more experience.
 All the Harry Potter books seem to leave you craving for more.  JK Rowlings fourth hit, is no exception.  With no indication as to when the next one will emerge, read it slowly and take your time!
 Great read again! Been 15 yrs and I had forgotten parts of the beginning, to my surprise!
 This is perfect for my daughter taking Latin this year.
 love it
 Wonderful Book
 Beautiful beautiful beautiful!
 Recreation
 One of my favorite Harry Potter books of all time
 Beautiful book!
 love this!
 Perfect
 Beautiful edition. A keepsake edition, really.
 Just as described can't wait to give to my daughter she is a huge harry potter fan
 This is my third of the audiobooks. i love the stories, but the CDs don't seem to play in my system very well.  they keep skipping and spinning - I hope this one works better than the last two<br/>My least favorite of all the 7 books, i is difficult to listen to this without cringing and wincing and getting morose about how life sometimes is just not fair.  JK R is a great writer to be able to make the reader feel just how it felt to the character.
 Love this series!
 Great book. Love the story. Wish there were more. Cant wait to read the next one. Love it so much
 Excellent condition
 This book was the best one of the series. The best thing about it was that it wasn't as short as the other books were. It takes a little more times to  read it and take in all of the information. Luckily, J.K. Rowling did not  release too much information about this book. This book was way more  exciting than the other books were. So many events happened in the 752  pages. I think that both children and adults will like this book. At least  we now know why it took her so long to write it. I hope you enjoy it!
 The Harry Potter series is a fun read for me.  I never read them when they were first published because I had too much adult literature to read. I began reading them when my great grandson, with whom I read over Skype  or the phone every night, decided he wanted to read them. The series changed my reading buddy  from a reluctant reader into one who often reads ahead of where we stopped the night before.<br/>The series works for readers from about 10 years old to any age who enjoys the fantasy production of a brillant writer.
 Same great story now with beautiful illustrations.  Was very excited to receive this.  We are big HP fans and actually just took a trip to WWOHP in Orlando.  This is perfect for your collection.
 Beautiful artwork. I love this book.
 This book is BEAUTIFUL! I love the artwork, absolutely love it. I got a copy for myself, but my 7 year old nephew has told me he likes Harry Potter, so I've gotten this version for him for Christmas as he's still at the age where he likes to look at pictures as he reads stories. The original pictureless novels that we all love are "too boring" for him at this stage, but even so, this book is the full story. It hasn't been shortened in any way shape or form with nearly every page illustrated in gorgeous detail that brings the magic of Harry's world to life.<br/><br/>Also, has anybody noticed the Deathly Hallows symbol in the iron work on page 58??
 I finished this about 5 this morning, and i have to say that I found it rather glum.  DO NOT missunderstand me this book is fantastic, Rowling's writing brings out a flood of emotions, and keept me spellbound through all 850 some odd pages.  This is a must read for everyone.  Just don't expect a cheary feel good story, this is by far the darkest and scariest book in the series, but in my openion the best so far.  My advice get it, read it, and reread it countless times, I know I will.
 It's a great story, with much more detail and interest than the movie that was based on it.  Jim Dale's performance is excellent and really brings life to the characters.<br/><br/>I took off one star because one of the disks was scratched &amp; Amazon cowered behind their policy that they would not allow an exchange of an audio product that was opened.
 Good
 I mean.... It's Harry freakin Potter. J.K. wasn't a billionaire for no reason. 5 stars. Time to move on to year two.
 The book is in prestige condition and even cake earlier than expected but it is not, in fact, the first edition of the book.
 Absolutely love it. One of J.K. Rowlings best books in the series. I have all of them and have read them several times.
 Wow, talk about a visualizing stunning book! Not only is this story a classic, but this version of the book is absolutely beautiful! There are some truly amazing illustrations in this book. The book itself is much bigger than I thought the book would be, which is not a bad thing. I love that this is bigger than the average size (US) edition of the hardcovers of the HP books. It makes the book stand out even more. I love how well this book is designed. It's sturdy, and something that seems well crafted so that it can be passed down for generations. This book is definitely a timeless classic. It is a Harry Potter book fans can definitely treasure!
 Superb as ever!
 Great price and good condition.
 It's perfect!!!
 The artwork is absolutely beautiful. I gave this as a baby shower gift and it was a huge hit!
 Absolutely precious!
 The animation adds a subtle magical touch . Just right to engage young readers without being distracting. Wonderful addition to a new classic!
 I was very concerned after a 3 year wait that this book was going to be a disappointment, but it definitely was not! It was very interesting to see Harry becoming a teenager, although I was surprised he was so angry all the time. I was also sad to see one of my fave character's die, although I suspected this individual whenever I first heard that someone was going to die. Now I want to know when the 6th book will be out!!! This one was great!
 Given as a gift
 It may be that I expected too much. It may be that I'll end up liking these books. However, there are things illogical that do not belong in any book, fantasy or not, such as someone trying to pound a nail with fruit cake. I realize this book is for young people, but I agree with C. S. Lewis  who said, "Any book that is not worthy of an adult, is not worthy of  children." There are even little picky things, such as using words  such as "tap" or "wham," as if this is a comic strip.  Ms. Rowling has a marvelous imagination, but I could wish there had been a  bit more creative editing. You cannot know how disappointed I am in this  first volume of the series.
 It's cool and the pictures are very detailed.
 Beautiful art<br/>Magical
 beatiful illustrations!
 Absolutely beautiful!
 Kudos to J.K. Rowling for a fascinating look at Harry's coming-of-age.  I didn't expect such a fantastic and realistic look at teen angst - Harry's growing up!  The wide-eyed innocence is gone and Harry looks at his future in sober judgement while learning what his priorities are, dealing with the past and preparing for his future.  The plot is intricate and revealing, and leaves me praying that it won't be three more years until we have book 6!
 a must have to add to your collection!
 Another nice story in the Harry Potter series.  Answers some of the questions readers had about Harry's scar and his connection to Voldemort, but ends in a satisfactory cliffhanger as the last chapter is titled, "The Second War Begins".  Even at 870 pages, you can read it in a weekend and still wish there were a few more chapters to go.
 My daughter dearly loves these books ans is very pleased with this addition. I would recommend this book to others &amp; would recommend ordering from Amazon.
 Love these books
 Very nice drawings
 What can you say about J.K.Rowlings.  Great writer with a story to tell.
 How can you not love all of these books!
 This book was extremely well prices(four dollars for the whole thing) and it came in less than a week of when i purchased it! the only downside was that it smelled a bit like cigarette smoke.
 All books (3) arrived on time with no damage.
 Loved the movie, REALLY loved the book.
 I am so happy I ordered this. It went beyond expectation. The book is beautiful!
 all good
 I love these books! Such a great escape into a magical world!
 Good
 I love it so much. As a proud Potterhead and Ravenclaw, it was a must have for my collection.
 Best book ever
 Great narration. Good quality!!
 AMAZING!
 I bought it as a gift for my grandson, and he was thrilled.
 For the first 90% of the book, Rowling is at her best.  The reader shares Harry's wonder as he discovers his new life.  The details are engaging and inventive and carry the plot easily.<br/><br/>The last 10% is fun, but contrived and really outside the world she creates in the first 90% and continues in the later books.  It only works in the end because Harry realizes he's been set up by Dumbledore.
 A+
 Amazing!!!!!
 great
 Torn binding. Book about to fall apart
 Beautiful addition!
 I love Harry Potter, &amp; the world J. K. Rowling created. So when I saw this book I was very intrigued. I was blown away from the first moment I opened the cover. The art is absolutely stunning! There's different artistic styles, there's little drawings that are like hidden gems inside grand sweeping views that pull you in, &amp; every image is beautiful. But, what I really like about this book, is that every word from the Sorcerer's Stone is here. Usually with big "art books" they skip on the actual story part of the book, because it's more about the art. Not in this one! You're not missing a thing from the story in this book, &amp; I love it!
 This series just keeps getting better and better, even though I'm reading it more than a decade late, by most standards.
 Beautiful book.
 Great addition to my collection. Look forward to more.
 Love!! I'm reading this to my daughter each night. The illustrations are amazing.
 Such a beautiful book! Well worth the money.
 It’s a book.
 Love these
 Love the book! thank you
 A great addition to any Harry Potter fan's collection!  Can't wait for the next one to come out.
 Love it
 Love it!
 What is all the hype about?  I will tell you.  This is a masterfully written story with believable, lovable characters in a wonderfully imaginative setting.  A must read for everyone!
 Easy read good book
 You can't go wrong with Harry Potter. I got this because my sister and I shared a collection, and then we both moved from home and she took it. I love the series so much I got this because I wanted to reread it. I read this when I was in elementary school, and find it just as wonderful as a graduate of college years later. JK ROwling is an incredible author. I'd recomend this book to anyone in any age group, but I'm really looking forward to reading it to my future babies. THe characters are amazing, the plot is amazing, the setting is amazing.... basically there's nothing wrong with this book at all.
 Jim Dale is such a wonder narrator- he really makes all the characters come alive!! I can't recommend any of the Harry Potter books enough with him as the narrator. Perfect!!
 The artwork is beautiful, and it is so much fun to read with interactive artwork! I loved it and would recommend it to anyone who asked
 simply beautiful illustration for a book much beloved.
 I love this book and the movie that they made from it.  The Sorcerer's Stone is the most lighthearted of the series.  As you read it you will feel the sense of wonder and excitement that Harry experiences.  Why stop with one, buy the whole series.  You will regret having to wait for the next one if you don't.
 Love it!
 Book did not arrive in advertised condition; it was decidedly worse than described. I am disappointed.
 This book arrived right on time even during a weather delay and was exactly what i expected.
 I grew up reading Harry Potter and i will gladly admit to anyone that i am very much a potterhead. So when i got pregnant about 6 years ago i was already so excited about when my daughter got to 6 that i would be able to read these books to her. When i found out that they were coming out with the illustrated version i was so excited. I finally had the chance to order it and when it got here i was so amazed by the artwork. The fact that there is artwork every few pages makes it easier to keep my daughters attention. I think i'm probably enjoying it more but the quality of the pages and the artwork is just mind blowing and worth every penny.
 I hesitated about buying this copy of this book seeing as I already have a couple copies of it here. I'm very glad I did. I loved the little hand-drawn picture of Snape by JKR and the full-page color picture of the adventure across the Black Lake. Those features aside, I reread the story and forgot just how magical and wonderful it is. In comparison to the later books, it is a quick read and I forgot how much I love it.
 Grand daughter loves it.
 Beautiful illustrations.
 Me gusto mucho, no es una lectura pesada, es facil de comprender, y a los niños les gustara, ademas de que la pasta dura hace ver mas presentable el libro que la de papel, se las recomiendo a todos.
 I am stationed in South Korea with my husband and we don't have the luxuries of a book store close to us so we have to resort to online purchases. Usually we get things about 6 weeks after we order them, but it was not the case here. I placed my order and in less than 2 weeks the package was here. I'm very happy with the product as well. I'm happy that they are paperback and that I can complete my set now. Love the books and just happy all around.
 Love the cover and extra ravenclaw details within.
 The book is fabulous as always, albeit a bit overly wordy. Sadly, Jim Dale's singsong voice is irritating. Also, he'll do a line of dialogue which ends with something akin to, "she said sharply", having not spoken the words sharply at all! Annoying.
 Beautiful
 Can't wait to give this to my son. The artwork is amazing!
 Good book
 No he recibido el libro
 This book is utterly amazing! It was much better than I ever expected!! Gorgeous images!
 Beautiful artwork. I love it.
 Oh my gosh this is a great book! In the past week I have read it twice Isn't that a record or what! Harry Potter and the goblet of fire is a great book for all of you who belive that anything is possible, want an adventure story, or if your'e just looking for a good read! I recommend it for all ages but it even gave my mom a spook!And when i ask people what they're favorite book is from every corner of the neighborhood, I hear Harry Potter, year four.
 My kid loved this book! Great buy
 GREAT!
 Book is in good shape and I'm reading it right now!
 I love the Harry Potter books, I have read all of them 4 timesand I have already read the second one twice. When I first read it, I read it in half a day maybe a little less. My friends and I really like Harry Potter. Hey!  I even have my own website for him and the fantasy game my friends and I play!...I really really like Harry Potter, I LOVE IT! ue It is for ANY ONE AT ANY AGE!
 My kids love this version vs the org ! They are 8 &amp;6
 Rowling has done it again. Keeping me up all night after a midnight run to Macroin's Bookstore to pick up Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. The best volume by far. Action!!! Adventure!!! and Wizards!!! What else can you ask for? Except for volume six.<br/>In the works of Ben Diddlin, "This book ROCKS!!!!"
 Great story!
 Great book! Arrived on time. Perfect for the introduction into the long books for the beginners.
 Good book great price.  Very good story.  This book tells more of what happened to harry's parents and how they died.  And who betrayed who against You-know-who.
 Mr. Dale has a strange way of pronouncing accio folks, prepare yourself.<br/><br/>We all really enjoy listening to the Potter series on audio CD. They are well done.
 More complex and more work to read than earlier installments, Book 4 shows the author's vision and will entice adult readers to stay for the next three books. An action-filled finish is indeed a new beginning in the battle against the dark arts. Good job.
 *SOME PARTS MAY SPOIL BOOK*<br/>This book was a mixture of scary, thrilling, awesome, incredible. I would like to comment on the movie. At the part when Harry does the Second Task, Dobby sneaks into Snape's office to get the Gillyweed. Right? But in the movie, They take away the drama of studying and just show Neville giving it to him. Honestly. Plus when I watched the movie with my brother and sister, I told them that Dobby was in it. When the part came, all we saw was Neville giving Harry something green and squishy. They were really upset. ( We have some Dobby fans!) I personally think Rowling has done an outstanding job with the series. Now, I am on The Half-Blooded Prince. Here is the order of books from best to worst:<br/><br/>The Prisoner Of Azkaban<br/>Goblet Of Fire<br/>Order Of Phoenix<br/>Half-Blooded Prince<br/>Chamber Of Secrets<br/>Sorcerer's Stone<br/><br/>Thank you for reading my review! :-)
 I liked having the other students from the other schools involved so we learned that Hogwarts isn't the only magical school.
 Great addition for any Potterhead collection
 awesome book to read AND listen too. I can't stop listening
 nice
 Brilliant idea to illustrate a already amazing book
 Amazing book like all of the Harry Potter’s
 I am happy with what I received.
 Jim Dale is the man.  And the woman.  Okay, and the occasional Dark Lord, but holy smokes, if you haven't heard Harry Potter on CD, you need to. He does such a great job, and brings the characters to life, just like all the actors/actresses in the movies.  We love listening to this, and have done so multiple times on commutes and road trips.  Plus, our 10 month old enjoys it too (well, she doesn't scream and cry, so we imagine she likes it), and will fall/stay asleep when it's on.
 Loved it
 My sister loved it!
 Fast delivery, product as described.
 Such a beautiful book. Quick shipping!
 I now have all the Harry Potter books on CD as well as in print. I love listening to them. The narrator is wonderful with the different voices for the characters. I admit I am quite familiar with the stories, to the point I can use them to focus on and let myself be read to sleep. I plan to share them with my grandchildren as they get old enough to enjoy them.
 Trying to find discounted HP books to complete my collection can be a challenge at times, but I was very excited when I found this one.  The price was great and the shipping was pretty fast.  The book was received in like new condition, which is an extra bonus!
 As a long-term fan of Harry Potter, I was EXTREMELY excited to hear about an illustrated edition being published.  I kept checking my order, waiting for notification of shipment, and then waiting eagerly for the postman to drop it on my front porch.  It arrived today, a mere day after being shipped out!  I was ecstatic, and I cannot stop staring at it!  Just admiring it!<br/><br/>This book is absolutely beautiful!  A childhood favorite that I will one day read to children of my own.  The illustrations are colorful, and add even more life to this already fantastic story.  Mr. Kay did an AMAZING job.  I hope that this book is successful (though I'm sure it will be!), and that Rowling and Kay decide "Hey! Maybe it's a good idea to do Chamber of Secrets Illustrated!"  And then Prisoner of Azkaban, Goblet of Fire, all the way up to Deathly Hallows!  I would buy all of those in a heartbeat.<br/><br/>A truly fabulous addition to a truly fabulous series.  Highly recommended to any Harry Potter fan!
 Just amazing! I hope they do the whole series!
 Great for kids, great for parents...read these books out loud.
 These books are great and J.K. Rowling is an inspiration. My nephew is named after the house of Gryffindor. I want to have these books around for him to read when he visits my house!
 great
 Beautiful
 This is one book that is going to be remembered not just for years, but for decades and even centuries to come.
 The long wait was well worth it!This book has a beautiful cover a great story to match it!I am only depressed by the death,but not even that could spoil such a great book.Plus there is even more drama and mystery.The clues are so subtle that you could read right through it without even a second thought.I have to say J.K.Rowling is a genius.Period.This book is proof enough.
 thank you
 This is my second time reading The Order of the Phoenix, I am re-reading the last 3 books in the Potter series, because there is so much going on, that one tends to miss alot, with the first reading. I start each of the books in Sept, just as Harry starts back to Hogwarts and read them through the cold Winter nights, rather than have the TV on.<br/>The ONLY reason that I have not given the book 5 stars, is that I only to as high as 4, no matter what book it is.<br/>Order of the Phoenix was the first time the series really started to get "dark", no more "kiddie" rides from here on out, as the evil side finally shows itself and comes out of the shadows.<br/>In this book, the clear "battle lines" are drawn and both sides start to know that a final showdown, is the only way to end this conflict.<br/>If you have already finished the series, as most Potter fans have, do yourself a favor and re-read the last 3 books, a second time and I bet you will enjoy them even more, than you did the first time around.
 Daughter thrilled to finally have this!  Nicely packed.
 Bought it as a present and just had to read it again for the fun of it. New cover and art is great
 I’ve read the book and really like the audio.
 The book looks so nice and it is absolutely worth the money! I am a fun of Harry Potter from 7th grade! Definitely recommend this !!
 Love this.  The book is wonderful, of course, but the illustrations are great.
 this was book was such a delight.  As a mom, I love this book because it reminded me of being a young girl with an unlimited imagination.  I guess some of us mugles are not as bad as harry's uncle and aunt.
 Beautiful illustrations
 The biggest entry in the franchise is great. Some complain that it gets bogged down in the middle. I say it is character and plot development. Umbridge is one of the most effective villains I have ever come across. You will hate and love to hate her as you enjoy this book. As always it is the wonderful characters who populate this world that makes it all worth reading them.<br/><br/>Also the scene between Harry and Dumbledore at the end is so gratifying.
 This is one of the most beautiful books I have ever seen!! The pictures are stunning!!
 My husband and I are listening the the books together.  We both enjoy them.  The author created such a magical world and it's fun getting lost in it.  Jim Dale does a great job of bringing each character to life and giving them their own voice.  This book specifically was one of my favorite because we got to know more about Harry's parents and his bond with Professor Lupin really seems to give it a warm feel.  We Highly Recommend the whole series.
 Love
 Great and easy to read.<br/><br/>It took no time at all to read this part of the great series of books.
 Amazing.
 Being that it was used and the price was great, I just couldn't pass it up.  The book was in excellent condition and looked new and my aunt loved it, being from Mexico and unable to get a lot of these books, she was so happy to have received it and can't wait for the other ones.  Thank you for making her Christmas memorable.
 Nothing better than a great Harry Potter book to read!!!! Everyone should take the time to read this book and the whole series.
 After reading these before seeing the movies and loving them and now reading them again after watching the movies just makes them come to life even more!
 Amazing! Beautiful! Gorgeous! I was buying this for my nephew and of course couldn't resist reading it. Now I must order a second copy. It's that good.<br/>Eye friendly print. Lovely illustrations that really match the story and have the magical element the printed editions contain. There is magic In every volume.<br/>I have found my book(sorry kid) to be very well bound. The jacket paper is of a good quality. I also found the inner pages to be thick enough they won't tear while reading.<br/>I'm in love. This edition has earned it place on my Harry Potter shelf. I look forward to the next illustrated  book!!
 I'm a little concerned about the sheer number of CDs!!  23!!  I have the previous four books on tape and enjoy the narrator very much.
 Always enjoy going back and re-reading the series!
 Beautiful and detailed illustrations.
 Pleased
 gift for granddaughter
 The fourth title in the Harry Potter, the Goblet of Fire is good but an obvious slump to the earlier three books especially coming behind Prisoner of Azkaban which is one of the best books in the series. The book sleep in too many places and could have done without the SPEW thing and could have a least Hermione talking and her and Viktor Krum a little more cause it's confusing how one she goes from annoyed by him and than being his date at the Yule ball and than he almost disappears in til he says good to her. The chapters containing the first two task I felt I could have done without.
 Love this book in audio!!! Jim Dales voice is perfect with all the characters!
 Epic
 Such a fun new version with great illustrations!
 Very good read.
 Come on...it’s Harry Potter.
 amazing! so many new twists and turns! i was biting my nails through the whole book! rowling comes through again and better than ever!<br/>if only we didn't have to wait so long for the next one!!
 This was supposed to be a gift, however I learned my granddaughter already had the book.  So I gave it to the local library and they were very pleased.
 I waited until the principle movies were finished to read the Potter Series. Since I have only seen a part of one movie, I don't have any preconceived thoughts on the books. I am surprised how good this series is. Yes some of this is predictable, especially if your over forty, but the stories move at a brisk pace, the characters are engaging, and because so many of the creatures and stories around Hogwarts are taken from various myths and legends, I find my self looking up the origins of names and words to see what myths and lands inspired J.K. Rowling. It also makes me glad I did not attend boarding school.
 I am a middle aged closet Harry Potter fan.  I have now been totally spoiled by Jim Dale and his fabulous storytelling of Harry Potter. Of all the Harry Potter books, Goblet of Fire was my least favorite until I listened to this audio version.  Now, I love it just as much as the others.  I am afraid I have been spoiled by Jim Dale and any other reader will pale in comparison.  I highly recommend the entire collection and I am sure you will become a fan too!!!
 Love the illustrated edition. Looking forward to getting the rest
 J.K. Rawling I applaud you!  Harry Potter is simply the best series I have ever read.  I am way above the targeted age group, and I have been spellbound by Harry Potter.  The Goblet of Fire is thrilling.  It captured  my attention from the first paragraph and has not let it go yet.  I can not  wait to see what happens next.  I can not think of the words that would  give this book and its author enough credit.  READ IT! READ IT! READ  IT!
 Perfect.
 My daughter dearly loves these books ans is very pleased with this addition. I would recommend this book to others &amp; would recommend ordering from Amazon.
 The Harry Potter book is very good, of course.  Readers who enjoyed it might also like "The Girl with Silver Eyes," by Willo Davis Roberts.  Also a great book.
 What a beautiful book.  Illustrations are great!!!!  Everything I expected and more.  Good buy for the price.
 I jumped onto the Harry Potter bandwagon just before the last book came out and I don't regret it one bit!  Although this one is slightly more kiddish than the later books, it is a great start to the series and is superior in every way to the movie (in my opinion).<br/><br/>If you haven't read this book yet, pick it up and read it!  But, be warned, once you read this one, you will have to read the rest of them.  So, plan your time accordingly!
 I liked the product, it was cheap which was good for my wallet but the bad thing about it, was that the cover was kind of bleached but if you remove it the paper cover the actaul cover of the book is in very good conditions but the other problem I had was that the paper cover was (just one tiny part) was glued in the main cover, but from there, I think the product is okay.
 I've read many books in my lifetime and only a handful would I give a 5 star rating.  The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings, and Enders game are in this catagory.  Rolwing has designed a world so real that many muggles would rather live there than in real life.  I image that to some the desire or wish for this world to all be real is at the top of their list.  Enjoy the read and know that you can't help but root for this wonderful boy wizard...
 I love this book the best.
 I thought reading the books was great. I never in my wildest dreams thought that the details the book put in my head could get any better. I was wrong. Listening to the WONDERFUL Jim Dale, and all of his different voices, I was in the Hogwarts Express, in the school, up in the air on the Firebolt. All at the same time I was driving to work, cleaning dishes, and falling asleep with dreams out of THIS WORLD. Reading the book first and then listening to the UNABRIDGED version is the best way to go.<br/>IF YOU LIKE HARRY POTTER THAT IS. **********
 Beautiful! Perfect gift for the Harry Potter fan
 Wonderful!
 beautiful illustrations!
 This product - like all the other Harry Potter Audio Books are Superb! Jim Dale performs so well, that a listener becomes enraptured in the story. His variations in speaking for different characters is wonderful and is constant throughout the entire series.  Best Audio books to which I have listened.
 Great book!!
 I bought this book to help me learn Spanish.  I thought it would be more fun to read novels and watch Spanish TV soap operas (telenovelas) than to sit through classes and grind through textbooks. In addition to some study material and a dictionary, I bought 5,000 computer flashcards.  At first this novel in Spanish was difficult and I couldn't understand much; however, I've worked my way through all the flashcards and the novel is now easy.  It was the interactive flashcards (see my other reviews) that made the biggest difference.
 I'm thoroughly enjoying this wonderful Latin translation. Keep in mind, however, that just because this is a story for children, that doesn't mean that the Latin is easy. To understand this text you will need an advanced knowledge of Latin grammar. Just off the top of my head, here are some of the grammatical elements used in this book:<br/><br/>-purpose clauses ("ut" clauses)<br/>-passive periphrastics<br/>-future passive participles<br/>-ablative absolutes<br/>-indirect statements (with perfect, present, and future infinitives)<br/>-lots of idioms (iter facere=to travel or journey, facere certiorem=to inform, etc)<br/>-deponent verbs<br/>-verbs in every tense, mood, voice, person, and number<br/><br/>In short, you will need to have a good knowledge of Latin grammar. Or, view this book as a way to learn more grammar as you go.<br/><br/>I would also recommend having access to a good online Latin dictionary as you read. I have been using William Whitaker's Words, and marking unknown words in the margins for my own learning.
 Omg the best thing ever in existence after the original book.
 This book was absolutely amazing. The illustrations are beautiful and the quality is amazing. Enjoy!
 Gorgeous illustrations!!
 In my personal option, this was her best work to date. All the other book were great and one was good, but this one is just FANASTIC! Its the best in the series!!!!
 Harry potter book came in on time when the shipment said it would. The book is a great book to read.
 I love this book! A favorite in my collection the illustrations are absolutely gorgeous.
 Came in great condition.
 We have read and listened to all teh Harry Potter Books so far (and will listen to the rest when they are published).  We love to listent o the CDs when we go on road trips.  The voice over work is incredible and as always the story is wonderful.
 Reading this illustrated version was such a wonderful experience, I think that we’ve had the images from the movies in our brains for so long that sometimes it’s hard to imagine the characters looking different but I think Jim Kay did an amazing job both with the character portraits and with all the background pictures, like Hogwarts, Diagon Alley, the forest, just beautiful.<br/><br/>I hope I get to get the second book soon.
 Beautiful art, accompanying the story very well.
 Great
 Our family is really enjoying this book!
 The recordings of J.R. Rowlings' books are without a doubt the most entertaining of any audio book I've listened to. The combination of Rowlings writing and Jim Day's narration is a perfect match. Jim Day is extraordinary in his ability to take on the voices of the many characters in the book and keep them all separate so the listener knows who is talking. This book is more difficult, I think, than some of the earlier books because more characters are being introduced while characters from the earlier books are still part of the cast. My family enjoys listening to these recordings again and again. They will be favorites for a long time.
 Jim Dale has the ability to bring Harry Potter and characters to life.  It is captivating.  He is the best storyteller I've ever listened to and of course, he had such great material to read!  I've got the whole set now.
 Great
 This book Harry notice that he has a god father, and his god father happens to betray his parents. Harry notice that he isn't safe, so he has to stay inside the Hogwart castle until Black is capture. Harry Potter books are getting more exciting each time!<br/>Great book that is.
 Amazing. Definitely worth the read.
 I was hesitant to read this book at first, but once I did read it, I could not wait until the next book! This book completely engrosses you in another world!
 Illustrations are gorgeous I would love to see the rest of the series like this. This is definitely a must have for Harry Potter fans
 Gorgeous book.  A great gift!
 received the wrong book.
 An awesome book and a great narrator! Jim Dale is amazing!
 Working my way through the Irish Gaelic and enjoying it immensely.  Read all the books in the original english.
 Beautiful and perfect for kids!
 beautiful!
 Exciting
 I read this book to my seven year old son.  We both really enjoyed the book.  In fact, sometimes I didn't want to stop reading, even when my son fell asleep!  It was very entertaining, and imaginative, and we're anxiously looking forward to starting the next Harry Potter book.
 This is a remarkable book. Exceeded my expectations.
 I can't wait for the next one now!  The plot is getting so much better and more mature!  Only downside is the character's reactions are sometimes unrealistic.
 Thi is the most amazing book I've ever owned!  I can not wait for the other 6!
 I love these books, this is the first and it is wonderful.  If you've only seen the movie you are missing out on all the details!  Great read!
 After about a week of my son reading the book the jacket has separated from the book.
 wonderful addition to my library
 BEAUTIFUL!
 i enjoyed this book very much.  i thought Rowling did a great job bringing the reader into the world of Harry Potter.  i could feel the anger he felt right along with him.  i also think she was able to capture what a boy his age might actually be feeling after all that has happened to him in his life.  it took me a week to read the book only becasue i had to work also, but it was very hard to put down.  i was anxious to get to the end.  but when i did, well, i look forward to number 6.
 My family has enjoyed listening to the Harry Potter audio books for several years.  Jim Dale's readings include a host of characters with remarkably distinctive voices that carry over from the first book, the Sorcerer's Stone, to the last.  He reads with fabulous energy and makes these great stories come to life like nothing I've ever heard before.<br/>The Prisoner of Azkaban is no exception.  This audiobook is a fabulous way to enjoy several afternoon in the car or in your favorite chair at home.
 The first two books in the Harry Potter series are both fantastic and I love them immensely, but this book is where the series really comes into its own and sets the stage for the epic four books that follow. The first two are pretty much self-contained mystery stories that stand on their own just fine, but at the end of The Prisoner of Azkaban, the scope has expanded in a thrilling and exciting way. The last one hundred and fifty pages of this book are among the most gripping I have ever read; I still don't know how Rowling pulled this off.<br/><br/>If you have read the first and/or second book in the Harry Potter series and aren't sold on it yet, just read this one and I'll be shocked if this one does not convince you to continue the epic journey ahead of you.
 The plot continues to be interesting in the latest installment of the Harry Potter series, and the characters begin to evolve and face more complex situations.
 My children absolutely love all things Harry potter and so I thought I'd read it to keep up with them. What a wonderful story! Great characters and fascinating plot.
 Beautiful art to accompany a beautiful story!
 I'm a 34 year year old professional, grown-ass man who likes to eat steak and drink whiskey.  Harry Potter first came out in the US when I was 19, making me too old to read this stuff.  I was never into wizards and fantasy stories anyway.  Last year, in between eating steaks topped with bacon and the tears of terrorists, drinking the world's finest Irish whiskey and entertaining the world's most beautiful ladies, I started reading the Harry Potter series at the encouragement of friends who work at the Pentagon.  I didn't like the first three, the fourth was somewhat entertaining, and this one is a little better.  Because I'm naturally intellegent and now older and wiser, these books are extremely easy to read for me.  Never-the-less, JK Rowling is an excellent author.
 Good voice acting
 It's sooo beautiful. I hope they don't make the others books illustrated , because I will have to buy it all 😊
 Ever since the fourth book it is possible to see that the writter has been making the series more dark, and sad for the poor Harry Potter, he is a boy who suffered alright, apart from losing his parents, and his awful family at Pivet Drive he has seen few happiness besides Hogwarts, but it has been growing more thin.<br/><br/>The fourth book has ended sadly, but it was to be expected, however the parts at which we read for are becoming less important at the end of the books(triwizard tournament for one).<br/><br/>I believe the whole rebellion thing to be poor explored in this book, and it seems that you have no idea what the book wants to tell just until near the end, and again it ends in tears of the poor Harry Potter, he just doesn't seem to be very lucky right.<br/><br/>It feels as this book was just an passage from the fourth to the sixth book, with no real effect on the series, except all the things that Harry has lost, and even when you think that he finally has something good, and BANG he loses it.<br/><br/>Overall, good book, but between the others (1-5) it is the worst, and most annoying, I read the 870 pages, and felt that few has passed, and nothing of importance ocurred, maybe the excessive characters this time were the problem.<br/><br/>And Cho, damm'it, can' this guy get a little some, not even and girlfriend he deserves???<br/><br/>Anyway, now it seems like an fanboy complaint, not so much, it just seems that for Rowling, the maturement needed involved bad things happening non stop.<br/><br/>But it is real cool to see the growth of the characters, clearly getting older.<br/><br/>3 out of 5 is the top I will give it, hope the sixth one will be better.
 Good reading on kindle
 Much better than the movie
 Good quality book!
 The narrator, Jim Dale was superb! He intonations along with the voices for the characters was excellent. We got this CD to listen to on a long automobile trip this summer and it made the time in the car FLY!
 My nephew loved it.
 LOVE THE HP SERIES
 Gift
 I studied Spanish in high school and university.  I am far from a fluent speaker, though I don't think I'd get myself killed wandering around in Mexico or Spain.  Having read all of the Harry Potter books in English many times, I decided to give this a try to brush up on my Spanish skills.  I am only about 50 pages into it (reading Spanish takes me a lot longer than English!) but so far I am enjoying it immensely.  Of course, it helps that I know what is happening, but that has also helped me with my understanding of the Spanish.  I've really enjoyed this experience.
 This is a replacement book. The third one. I usually read the series at least once a year and needed a new GoF.
 The book was absolutely great! Beautiful illustrations and received in good condition. 100% happy :)
 Loved the moving pictures! Well illustrated.
 I loved this book. The down side is thAt it is slightly too violent. i recomend tbus for teens. thanks
 The book is small with soft cover. Paper is thin and the first few pages had a small tear in the middle spine side. But I think it's a one off and it didn't affect the turning of the pages or the reading of the book. More of an annoyance.<br/>Translation is accurate so far (I've only read a few pages) and the print is clear. Now that I'm confident that the translation is seemingly accurate, I'm looking forward to purchasing the remainder of the books in the series.<br/><br/>I've read all the books in English several times and glad I now have the chance to read them in Arabic.
 My Godchild LOVES this book! The pictures in this book are so beautiful and fun for both little kids and big kids. You can't go wrong with this book, it came in on time and was packaged really nicely.
 It was in perfect condition brand new!
 I was a little confused by the advertising, and it was not exactly what I was expecting,but when I reviewed the advertisement and what I received, the match was accurate.  I may not have purchased this edition had I gleaned a clearer understanding (a lack of a cover picture contributed to my misunderstanding), but it is a first edition in its format, as promised, so I ended up being very pleased.
 We have all the Potter books and my nine year old grandson is now into them.  He also listened to the tape of the first book and loved it.
 It's Harry, with pictures, what more do you need?
 This is when the Harry Potter series starts to get a bit "darker". The ending will make you buy the next book. You will want to know what happends.
 Vendor shipped within time promised.  Great copy.
 What can I say?  She's done it again.  I could NOT put this book down.  I read it in 2 days.  Now I can't wait for number six.  Think we'll have to wait another 3 years?
 Fun book--great to hear it again.  The CD quality was great.
 Great
 Great
 Great looking book.  Arrived as described and on time.
 It has everything, adventure, excitement, and an insight into our young protagonist's emotions. It also gives the reader insight into other various characters motives and emotions.<br/>I cried, yes. My favorite character died in the the climactic battle scene.<br/>And no, I won;t tell who it was....<br/>M.L.
 I know a lot of people had waited for so long for this book and after reading it people said, "It is not as good as the others". But I know that this book is other than others, the people who only said that is that they dissaprove J.K. Rowling making Sirius died (which I am sad about that), but still don't just get that one reason and rate the 5th book a bad book!!!
 This was a good read. I love the series but I have to agree with the negative reviews that this is not her best in the series. It was still very good and having read the 6th in the series I can see how this is part of the story. J.K  keep them coming. We love you.
 Within four days, I had completely read this book TWICE. OotP is dark and angry and yet infused with the humor we expect from Rowling. Simply the best yet!
 Each time I pick up a Harry Potter book, I'm amazed by the world this auther has created.  This book was no exception, it is as good as the others in this series. Is it great literature?  No.  Is it a fun read?  Yes!
 The book is great and my kids love the pictures.
 This is the book where I think everything changes. The point in their lives that they have to stop being kids and start taking things more seriously then before.
 This book is absolutely stunning. The artwork is just so gorgeous and goes along perfectly with this wonderful story. It is also a very large, heavy, well made book so it can stand up to some use as my children and I read it. We are currently reading this book for bedtime reading and all three children love to listen and look as I turn the pages. This would be a fantastic gift for any Harry Potter fan but I think that it can especially help to get younger children into the magical world of Harry Potter. I cannot recommend this book enough!  Buy it, you will not be disappointed!
 This is Harry Potter.  People know it will be good.  It is a quality book and entertaining for a good read.
 The third book in the Harry Potter series is definitely my favorite. It is exciting from the very first page and keeps you guessing and second-guessing all the way until the last page.
 Beautiful Book!  I wish it wasn't a Christmas present for my daughter.  I want to give it to her now.
 Loved it
 I am huge Harry Potter fan and I was so happy that I was able to pick up this deluxe edition of the 5th book. It is a beautiful collectors item and I love the new art on the dust cover!!
 It's Harry Potter!
 This book gets a 3 from me becuse it seems like a whole bunch of unnecessary things happen just for the sake of who knows what. It's like we get a tiny glimpse of the wizarding world outside of Hogwarts, and then we never hear about it again. We never learn of anything substantial about the other two schools. We don't learn anything about the Salem Witches institute. Why even bring these things up if we never really hear about them?<br/><br/>Also, couldn't the fake Mad Eye Moody have turned anything into a Portkey like the first day? Wouldn't that have been way easier than rigging 3 super hard contest? I think this book was just an attempt put in useless action.
 Excellent condition, excellent book.
 Great
 This was a used book and as expected was scuffed up a bit.
 Love it!! This will make reading Harry Potter to my nieces and nephews so much more exciting!!
 I could read these a thou send times and would never get tired of them. J.K. Rowling is a master of her craft.
 It's so beautiful.  I didn't realize it would still be the entire unabridged version of the story, so I was pleasantly surprised.  The pictures are delightful and not based on the movies.  They are more concept art-like than movie-based, which is great.  It's a nice, text-book sized book.  It's hefty, but not too heavy.  It has a nice ribbon place marker.  This is a wonderful way to introduce younger children to Harry Potter, if they aren't ready for reading the books to themselves yet.  I hear that they plan to release subsequent books each year.  It should be a nice set.
 This is the best series in the world. The writing is very descriptive and the author make the book appear to be written from a 13 year olds point of view. You can feel the excitement during the games or the suspense just as a teacher rounds the corner and they are almost caught. I cannot wait for  the rest of the series to come out...these first three books were so good,  I read them all in 2 days!
 Amazing!
 Great book, but be prepared, it's significantly longer than any of the other books and will take some time to get through, more bang for your buck I guess.  It's a bit more mature and dark than the other titles as well, which is reasonable considering many children that grew up with the series are becoming more mature as well.  J.K. Rowling has proven to be an excellent writer and makes the books accessible to younger readers but interesting for older readers (like myself) as well.  Can't recommend it enough.
 I sat there and hugged and smelled the pages for a few minutes after opening it
 How can you go wrong with Harry Potter and who does not miss the aniticipation of a new book or movie!
 I like this book.
 Excelent, for us ... to do not forget our Spanish ...
 It was great to see my favorite movie in a whole new light !
 I didn't see it, but my grandson was thrilled to get the book. It met my highest expectations.
 Great item
 Made reading the book again awesome! I will be ordering the next one.
 This is a delightful edition of the classic Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  I didn't expect it to be as great as it is!  It's a large coffee table size book with a beautiful dust jacket and an extremely generous amount of illustrations on the inside.  I expected maybe an illustration or two with each chapter but almost every page is gorgeously done by Jim Kay.  Even the pages without images look like journal pages with splotches and aging paper.  I really hope there are intentions to release all the Harry Potter books in this manner because I will definitely get them!
 We purchased the 2nd book in this series last year for my son's birthday and he loved it so I was on a mission to find this one. The book is a hardcover book with a jacket and it is also illustrated. One book for the series is being released each year in this fashion. The illustrations are spectacular and they really change the book's appearance completely. My son loves Harry Potter and collects items and books and of course this book makes his collection that much better. This book is made well and worth the price as it is quite a bit more then the regular book.
 As with the entire series of Harry Potter books, this one is outstanding.  We have it in book, cd, and cassette so the entire family can enjoy it.
 Beautiful art, worth getting even for collectors
 No real commits on the text (tooo much bias) but the format, meaning the CD's are badly made. The batch I purchased had bad tracks on disk 9 and 12 and the replacement package also played the same bad tracks. GOOD LUCK.
 Big beautiful illustrations. Was suprised with how large the book is. Almost like a text book.
 For my dad who's retired and likes to spend time reading, is a fanatic of the series and watches the films over and over. It was time to get the books, I ordered this one first, just to give it a shot. it arrived perfectly fine, and the translation to spanish is perfect. He read it entirely and now he wants the rest of the books. Hardcover is fine, the prints are low sized for an old man but he didn't have a problem, reading with glasses.<br/><br/>Overall very satisfied!
 The Harry Potter series as a whole captures its audience in ways the world has never seen before.  J.K. Rowling has produced such an intricate and fascinating universe that I believe is both suitable and entertaining for any-aged reader.  I personally started reading the series when I was in second grade; I read books one through four, and then had to wait in anxiety for Ms. Rowling to write the rest of the books in the series. The Goblet of Fire has always been my favorite, possibly because of all of the incredible and wonderful details of the Wizarding World it contains.  We see the Quidditch World Cup, other magical schools besides Hogwarts, and we see Voldemort as a tangible, legitimate villain for the first time.  My generation has been fortunate enough to grow up with the Harry Potter series and franchise; we got to wait in line at the bookstores for the next book to be released and we got to see each movie adaptation come to life before us, the actors growing older as we grew older.  The characters in Harry Potter grow up, face mature situations, develop romantic relationships, and grow into their true personalities just as Ms. Rowling's readers do.  I cannot recommend this series as a whole highly enough; each book is imaginative and captivating, as evidenced through every magical detail.
 I bought the Kindle in Motion illustrated edition of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone, and it was like magic on every page. The illustrations on their own were beautiful, and were then brought to life with animation! It was like something out of, well, Harry Potter! I loved the new experience of an old favorite. I read my first Harry Potter book close to 20 years ago and have been hooked ever since. I really hope they illustrate all seven of the books and release Kindle in Motion editions. This is something I hope to share with my future child(ren) too.
 I bought this book for a friend who was in love with Harry Potter. It came fast and in great condition for a used book. Not only was I impressed by the quality, but my friend loved it.
 GF loves it!!
 AWSOME ! This book is fantastic mind blowing 100 percent amazing. And did I forget to mention that this book is AWSOME!
 This is supposed to be a children's book but I am way past childhood and have read the Harry Potter series several times and am about to read this first one again.<br/>It is a gorgeous book and has a ribbon book marker attached.<br/>It is a bit different than the first ones I've read.  English, English instead of American English.<br/>Rumour instead of rumor etc.<br/>The illustrations are beautiful and add a great deal to the reading experience.<br/>I consider it well worth the cost and if the rest of the series is published as beautifully I will buy them all as they appear.
 Yes it is derivative.  No it is not Tolkein or Lewis or Tolstoy or Dante but that's ok!  This was one week's escapist reading (half an hour in the evenings) after very stressful work days and that was more than enough for me.  As a psychologist I was facinated with the sorting hat and the endless issues raised  grouping children of like values, character, traits, etc.  Looking forward to the rest of the series.
 It's been a while since either one of us (husband or I) have read this, but we both really enjoy the series and bought it to have the full collection.
 I purchased this book to go along with the rest of my Harry Potter collection.  I will say, the first copy I received from Amazon had damage on the dust jacket, so I returned it for a new copy.<br/><br/>The book itself is amazing.  The attention to detail in the illustrations is phenomenal.  It captures the story just as you think would when you are first reading the book.  The unabridged story is in bigger font than the original book so reading it with a child would be perfect.  The pages are glossy &amp; the book has a red ribbon to hold your place in the story.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this book to anyone.  If you are a Harry Potter fan, this is a must to add to your collection.
 As Harry comes of age the books do as well. I most enjoy how Rowling brings everything together in the end. Conflicts are resolved nicely, intelligently, and completely without coming across as contrived. All of the characters are growing with each year and as a reader it's quite pleasing to come along for the journey. If there was any mark against the book it would be the. At times, uneven bits with lots of letters and news articles. I thought these were written just fine, but definitely seemed to jar the experience at times. Of course that's just a nit in a rather perfectly written book.
 I would give this book 4.5 stars if possible. It was, of course, excellent, creative, and just flat out wonderful. But it was made a little too long by the excessive use of monologues. There were some parts of the books that were pages and pages (almost entire chapters) of monologue.<br/><br/>But otherwise, such an awesome book! I enjoyed getting to meet some new (not in the movie) characters: Ludo Bagman and Winky the house elf. We get to see Voldemort in the flesh for the first time and stuff gets real!<br/><br/>Great book! Love this series!
 As you may already know, this is such a fantastic book that the students will want to read the whole series! Adults love the Harry Potter books too!
 Bought this as a gift.  The illustrations are so beautiful.
 none
 My very favorite. It was delivered very quickly.
 Who doesn't love Harry Potter and J.K. Rowling? I, as an adult, couldn't wait for each new book, and now my grandson has the fever and is reading it at 7+.  I had loaned out my originals, and am buying the series again, because these are books you cherish and keep and pass on to others. None of the books had the sheer magic of the first one, and they definitely got darker as the series progressed. The Harry Potter books represent literature at its best. It cuts across generational lines and reawakens the magic in all of us.
 It's a great book. We are really enjoying it and the illustrations are beautiful.
 If you're only interested in the story, this might not be the book for you. This is actually a collector's item. The book is overly big and heavy and each individual page is of excellent high-quality heavy weight paper. The illustrations are beautifully done and do add to the reading experience. An attached ribbon makes tracking your progress easy. Originally, when I bought my first Harry Potter - Sorcerer's Stone book, I could only find it in paperback while all of the other books were easily available in hardback. This makes my collection feel more complete.
 My son loves the pictures and I love reading Harry Potter so win win!
 Love those colorful pages! Its a new and amazing way to experience the story all over again!!
 This book is beautifully illustrated and is a great way to introduce kids to the Harry Potter saga. Personally I find the Harry Potter stories a little too scary for younger kids. I would guess this would suit kids 10-12, this being said I heard some kids at my daughter's school age 7 discussing Harry Potter this am - so some kids love the series despite the horror aspects. I am more keen on the fantasy aspects of Potter's world - the amazing school, wizardry, cool characters etc. I think the book would be a nice addition to anyone's library - old and young alike.
 I have to admit it. I saw all the movies before I ever picked up one of the books. And then I still didn’t want to read them. It wasn’t until I went to Universal Studios in Florida and saw their version of Hogwart’s and Gringott’s Bank that I bit the bullet and bought the books. Spoiler alert! You have to buy Park Hopper tickets to ride Hogwarts Express between the two parks!  Loved reading them on my kindle one after the other- but this one... Goblet of Fire... had me hiding from Sunday football to finish it. Unheard of!!!
 Rowling has never been a champion of having characters play by the rules, but in Goblet of Fire, she goes even further.  The main plot revolves around the TriWizard tournament, a wizardly contest between the champions of various schools.  Harry does not solve one single element of the tournament without either cheating or having some cheat on his behalf - including entering the tournament in the first place.  To be fair, at least Harry believes everyone else is cheating, too.  Unfortunately, this seems to be the closest thing to a moral of the story.<br/>Rowling's world is losing some of its internal consistency as well.  If truth potions exist, why is there a concern at all about who is a follower of Voldemort and who is not?  How can potions that second-year-students can whip together consistently confound the most brilliant wizards around on a long-term basis?  Why is Voldemort such a dangerous foe, when he makes every classic bad-guy blunder known to man?  I was actually rooting for him by the end.  The dumb-luck-that-saves-Harry-from-Voldemort this time is the corniest yet, particularly when combined with the collosal stupidy of Harry's enemies that was necessary to allow it to happen.<br/>Azkaban had given me hope that this series might turn out well, but this book has made me pessimistic again.
 Book was billed as very good condition, but had creased cover and worn pages!<br/>The book is of course the 4th in the Harry Potter series. It branches out from the others in that it introduces that there are other schools besides Hogwarts, in other parts of the world. Unlike the movies, the book gives more detail of the other schools, the headmasters/headmistresses, and the students who attend. It also gives much more depth of the relationship of Harry with his godfather, which is particularly ignored in the movies.
 OH MY GOD BEST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ THE PLOT THICKENED THROUGHOUT EVERY PAGE AND AT THE END I JUS WANTED THE NEXT TRAIN BACK IF I DONT GET IT ILL HAVE 2 FLY A CAR THERE MYSELF BUY THIS BOOK IF U DONT UR CRAZY
 I have all of the Harry Potter audio series, because I prefer to listen or watch fictional storie than to read them.  Just a preference of mine.  The audio series is great. I listened to them at home on my back patio and while in the car on a road trip.  THEY ARE VERY DETAILED, ENGAGING AND JUST PLAIN FUN TO LISTEN TO.
 Great story, well written
 great book
 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is an absolutely amazing book.  Afer receiveing it on midnight on June 21, I couldn't not put the book down, and read 700 pages before retiring to bed.  After finishing the book today after work, I can safely say this book does not disappoint!  Huge plot points are everywhere, and the book's ending not only delivers but puts the series back on track for the home stretch!  Rowling can simply do no wrong, and if you had any doubts about picking this up, please reconsider.  You will not be disappointed!
 Great book!!
 It was with considerable grumbling that I received word that my Sunday School class was going to include the first Harry Potter book in their study this fall and winter......I am elderly....what would I gain from reading that!!!!<br/>  Actually, after it arrived in the mail (very promptly), I was absolutely enchanted with the story and read the book very quickly....I am now so glad that Harry Potter and I are more than just a nodding acquaintance.
 I love listening to the Harry Potter books on audio CD's while I am driving to and from work. Since the books are so long, they are perfect for listening to instead of reading. The man that does the reading is excellent. The audio CD's are perfect for long road trips or commutes.
 I love this book!! The Harry Potter series will always be among my favorites :) Buy the hardback, they're worth the investment.
 I admit to a bias in that I love the Harry Potter books, but these cds are completely fun!  There are a lot of them though and it definitly takes a while to get through it all, but the reader is really good and he makes it fun.  I would highly recommend it if you are looking to catch up on HP while on a long drive or during your short trips into the office everyday!
 Great illustrations. English version text.
 This is great for long trips and Jim Dale does a phenomenal job with all the character voices.  We have books 1-4 on CD as well and after my kids read them, we listen to them.  They have listened to the series over and over and over...
 Just as described!
 Loved it! Ordered three. Just pre-ordered three of the second book in series....
 This was a great book to read.  So much more detailed than the movie and worth a second read for sure!
 I purchased this book as a gift, having already read my set of Harry Potter many times.  The book was in good condition....listed as "new"....but the page edges were very yellowed, as if it had been on the shelf a long time.  I was a little embarrassed to give it as a gift, but did anyway.
 Good
 Wonderful, as always, to move with Harry through his magical world.  He's a wonderful character, very much a teenager with all those every day problems added to the greater ones he faces as he confronts danger and deceit.
 ハリーポッターが大好きです!
 Just like the other Harry Potter books, this one is great!  The globlet of fire, the tri-wizard competition and the return of Lord Voldemort, along witht he adventures of Harry, Ron and Hermione, make this book hard to put down.  JK Rowling hit the bulls eye again.
 Illustrations are beautiful - really adds something to the story.
 Great value
 Have read the entire series twice through and am reading it again-always something I didn't catch before! So much detail...
 This is the beginning of the epic story of Harry Potter. It is engrossing the whole way through. I found that I did not want to put this book down. J.K. Rowling has the imagination of a 4 year old, meaning as a compliment. Her creation of characters from other worlds, items from other worlds, is astonishing. I can't wait to read the next one. Thank you for such a wonderful contribution to the literary world, J.K.
 Wonderful book for a very imaginative mind. I would recommend this for even my nine year old to read. Reread over and over.
 The only thing this book was lacking is the fresh book smell. As it is a first year copy, I feel that's not an unreasonable shortcoming. The binding is clean, the pages crisp, and the paper dust sleeve looks to have very minimal wear. Overall I am impressed with this book, now over a decade old.<br/><br/>I would like to say thanks. You made my Harry Potter fan girl-friend very happy.
 In that movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding the dad insists that every word comes from Greek, even kimono. Well, this is reverse engineering -- how to express in Ancient (not modern) Greek a favorite novel with decidedly odd concepts. I'm reading this slowly, with the English (and I mean English not American) version alongside as a hobby horse, but this is really fun. I know Koine, not classically ancient Greek, but there isn't going to be a test. What a hoot.
 Great introduction into the wizarding world of Harry Potter. A fantastic story for young and old.
 So, is or isn't this 3rd person? It is written in the 3rd person's voice, but is exclusively from the perspective of Harry: you could "I" for "he" throughout the text without rewriting anything.<br/><br/>The delusions of Harry's persecution that J. K. Rowling is suffering from is starting to get annoying, as is Harry's anger and lack of self-control - has Madam Pomfrey been prescribing him Lamictal or something?<br/><br/>I don't know if kissing counts as sexual content (the author doesn't even describe it when it happens).
 I had been looking for these CDs for a long time (here in Italy you can't find them). The book is awesome and really well written and I couldn't wait to hear it narrated by the great voice of Jim Dale. Simply beautiful, this Anniversary Edition Audio Book is suitable for every age. The box contains 7 CDs, divided in two sets, all with colorful illustrations.<br/>Buy it, do not hesitate, you won't regret!
 Love all the Harry Potter series of books. Read them to my youngest daughter when she was 6. She's 21 now &amp; still loves the books &amp; is also an avid reader.<br/>I'm now reading them to my twin grandsons, age 9. They love them. This particular book starts to change the story line a bit. It shows a little of the darker side to come. First character death happens in this book.<br/>Thanks to J. K. Rowling for creating a beautiful world that has captured the imagination of millions of young minds &amp; got them interested in reading again.
 Listening to Jim Dale narrate J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a sheer joy.  I loaded it to my Ipod and would end my day listening to Harry, Ron and Hermoine's escapades.  Jim Dale gives each character his or her own voice such that you can see them if you just close your eyes.  I would recommend this or any of the Harry Potter books that he has narrated.  The combination of Dale's and Rowling's talent is an unbeatable combination
 I bought this as a gift for my niece. She loves it so much. The printing is great and the quality of the product is good.
 Great
 It was new and it was great.
 I am 24 years old and have felt a little silly because I love these books so much!  But I cannot help it!  Each one just keeps getting better!
 My husband does not like to read so we ventured into audio books as an alternative.  This audio book (and all in the Harry Potter series) is THE BEST! We truly enjoy the Harry Potter audio books because the narrator Jim Dale is so fantastic.  He does all the different character voices so well and really makes the story come to life.  These books are good for the whole family- especially on a long car ride!
 Absolute perfection! A must have for any Harry Potter Fan!
 Love these books!!! Sad to see it was shipped damaged.
 Beautiful. Simply beautiful!
 Good
 I am a huge Harry Potter fan and have been in love with the franchise since I read the first book in 1999, this is a MUST for any fan, particularly those who want to introduce their younger children to the magic of Harry Potter.  My six year old absolutely LOVES the beautiful illustrations and is very excited to be reading it. It's even encouraging her to try reading several passages herself.<br/><br/>As for the pictures, I was expecting just a few basic illustrations, but I was blown away by how intricate and beautiful each and every one of the many illustrations are.  It is clear that a lot of time and effort was put in to get them just right.  I could not be more pleased!
 Thank you
 Bought this as a gift for my granddaughter. She couldn't put it down. Finished the book in 24 hours. And loved it.
 No complaints
 Great to listen to the start of the Harry Potter series!!!
 Before the mid 20th century, many people kept "Family Bibles," which would be larger, leather bound tomes printed on heavier paper and sometimes illustrated with engravings. They were important heirlooms, and would often have the names, birth-dates, and death-dates of ancestors and extended family in the blank pages. As a devoted Harry Potter fan, this is the definitive edition that I will keep as a sort of personal keepsake of a book that changed my life profoundly when I read it for the first time. The illustrations are simply beautiful, the paper is glossy and immaculate,  and the bindings feel quite strong. There's even a ribbon bookmark like the one in my bible!
 Great book
 AA++
 This book is absolutely fantastic. I pre-ordered it months ago and was so excited to receive it yesterday! The illustrations are just fantastic. I can't wait to re-read the book for the billionth time, and I can't wait for them to release the rest of the series in illustrated form!! This is an absolute MUST HAVE for any true Harry Potter lover!! One thing to know about the product is that it is actually very large and heavy- I wasn't expecting it to be so big. Nothing that takes away from the product- in fact, it makes the pictures even better to look at!
 I have been a Harry Potter fan since I was a child. I have read the entire series multiple times.  I recently read the first four books to my own children who are ages 3 and 4. They enjoyed me reading it to them while they were playing and having quiet time, but they did not follow the story well since they are so young. The illustrated version has allowed them to stay more engaged in the story and follow  along more easily. It is a large book, so don't plan on curling up in bed to read it. You will need to sit and flip through the pages to really enjoy the illustrations.
 I am one of the biggest Harry Potter fans out there, so any time something new from this world appears, I have to have it.  I was so excited to hear that an illustrated version was being released and now that it's finally in my hands, it does not disappoint!  It's beautiful!  The illustrations are gorgeous and add an entirely new dimension and delight when reading the story.  This is the perfect addition to any HP collection out there and a truly great gift for all Potterheads.  I really hope they continue to illustrate the rest of the series.
 This latest installment in the Harry Potter series is by far, the best written and most suspensful.  J. K. Rowling has really hit her stride in this book and it makes the anticipation for the final installment more acute.
 Love the HP books. Have read them 3x over the years
 The book is amazing. Soft pages. So many pictures. It's pleasing to the eyes.
 While I may not be a fan of all the individual illustrations, as a whole they capture the magic of the book.  I have been a fan of these books for the last fifteen years and the movies never captured the books for me.  I love that the illustrations were true to the book, and do not seem to be influenced by the movies.  It makes the book nerd in me happy.  Additionally I love that the things that are illustrated are not  the things I would choose.  It shines through the book that the illustrator is a fan of the books, and has a knack for detail.
 I LOVE this book! I love everything Harry Potter and so when I saw this was coming out and seeing sneak peeks of the illustrations I HAD to per-order it, I knew it would sell out in a heartbeat, and I don't regret it a bit! I busied myself outside just waiting for it to arrive! I HIGHLY recommend this book wether you're a hardcore Harry Potter fan like me, someone just getting into the series and want to see amazing artwork to go with the story, or just a collector of fantastic books, get this book, you will not regret it!
 Pics are incredible. This is one amazing book. Necessary for every Wizard,young or old.
 I really enjoyed this book.
 This is a beautifully illustrated book. The colors are rich and I enjoy how the art is blended together with the text, so you are not always presented with a picture on one page and the words on the other but rather they are put together.<br/>I haven't had any problems with pages coming out or the binding pulling away.<br/>This is a nice book to have in one's collection especially if you are a Harry Potter fan or want to use the book to read to little children. They should enjoy the art and the print is large so that they can read along easily.<br/>I look forward to the next volumes to come. (Hopefully there will be more.)
 Love the Potter series.
 A VERY ENJOYABLE TIME LISTENING  WOULD RECOMEND IT TO ANY ONE . IT LIVED UP TO WHAT I EXPECTED .<br/><br/>THANK YOU<br/>DAN MCREYNOLDS
 Such a beautiful version of this book.  I love it as much as my daughter does.
 stunningly beautiful, a treasure
 Its Harry Potter, nothing else needs to be said.
 I love the look of this book! The pictures look amazing and the text is big, which I like because it can be easily read. It is clear that the artist, Jim Kay put a lot of effort into creating the magical wizarding world. The only thing I didn't like is that while I was following along in this book while listening to the audiobook I realized that many of the British terms for things had been changed to American words, phrases, etc. I didn't like that at all! Why not keep it like the original? J.K. Rowling is British after all! But other than that, a beautiful accessory to a Harry Potter collection.
 Came without the book cover
 The longest book in the series. Amazing story that can be appreciated by adults and teens alike, but not well-suited for young children.<br/>Do not be intimidated by the size of the book, if you have read the previous four books and are a fan of the series, you will fly through this book in a matter of days (best to start during a weekend, because you won't want to stop).<br/><br/>Also, make sure you own a copy of the next book as well, because you'll probably want to start that immediately upon finishing this one.
 Good book b
 Great story! Can’t wait to read more of this series!’
 The wife was very happy.
 Book #145 Read in 2015<br/>Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone by JK Rowling (illustrated)<br/><br/>This is a beautiful book.  This is the first of the Harry Potter series and the illustrations are lush and beautiful.  Harry discovers he is a wizard and heads to the Hogwart's school of magic to learn how to use his magical powers.  This is my all-time favorite series, with wonderful characters, interesting plots and magical reading.  This series is a must-read for both children and adults.<br/><br/>http://melissasbookpicks.blogspot.com
 This installment of Harry Potter wasn't a bad selection from the series. It has some great characters, nice familiar faces, and some interesting events. Though the book started out very slow, the pace of your reading does speed up rather quickly.
 This book was another masterpiece by J.K. Rowling. It was also very unique for a young adult fiction piece in that a death occurs. The book also allows the characters to grow up along with the reader base as they begin to experience innocent romance and jealousy.<br/><br/>Rowling demonstrates why she is the master of young adult fiction and is responsible for a resurgence in the genre. Without the Harry Potter books, there would be no Hunger Games, Twilight, Divergence, etc.<br/><br/>Rowling sets the standard.
 My personal favorite of the Harry Potter series.  Just a great read, good clean fun, and something the anybody in the family can enjoy, from kid to adult!
 My ten year old listens to this audiobook every day. The cassette format is perfect for a young person carrying around a tape recorder that may be sturdier than an mp3 player or CD player. Our family has almost every book on tape and have been listening to the series over and over and over again for more than three years. The tapes have somewhat outlived three tape recorders that quit before they did. There's nothing like listening to a story with a top-notch storyteller (Jim Dale and J.K. Rowling).
 great condition
 This is beautiful! A must have for any Harry Potter fans collection!
 The book arrived as described: first edition hardcover. I have no complaints with the quality of the hardcover. I'm also not a literary critic, so I won't go into the book's content.<br/><br/>There is one discrepency with ordering from this seller: they shipped the book in a plastic wrapper instead of a box. This caused the book to sustain dents on the paper cover as well has the actual hard cover. For this disappointment, I rate this product four stars instead of five.
 An avid HP fan since 2001, this book is fantastic to add to my collection. I can't wait to start reading it with my almost 7 year old, and getting to introduce him to the world of Harry Potter
 I loved it when it first came out and just got this for my 7 year old grandson to read.
 The book was beautifully illustrated. This was the perfect gift for those immersed in the world of Harry Potter
 good
 Purchased this for my little sister, she is a huge fan.  Book came in fast, great condition, no problems!
 Most people didn't like this book, but strangely this book was one of my favorites in the whole book series.
 It was a gift.
 Arrived in a timely matter and of course this book is amazing!
 The artwork is fantastic!
 Loved this book, and the alternate artwork on this paperback edition.
 Bought this for my 9 year old, thanks a lot. Its in great condition!
 I expected a better condition of the book .
 I always enjoyed every part of the book it made scary  parts ok I never got scared it explained Harry's feelings so well some times I got embarrassed ha it even made me laugh to. The Harry potter series is greater then the greatest I can't wait to read the next book
 The newest edition to the Harry Potter Illustrated Editions is every bit as beautiful as the first 2. I absolutely love Jim Kay's take on the stories we all know and love. It's beautiful and unique artwork that truly captures the magic of The Boy Who Lived. The only negative thing I can say about them is that I have to wait too long in between releases! I can't wait to own them all!!
 Engrossing as always. Harry's adolescent mood swings can be a bit much though. Otherwise, lots of fun
 It's Harry Potter.<br/>Although that declaration is good enough in my books, the Order of the Phoenix is a bit darker. For me, it was one of the more frightening books because "some of the machinations" (ugh, it's really hard not to use spoilers) were and are very reminiscent of real world villains and their methods. I suppose that one of the big themes of Harry Potter: even though they have magic it does not mean their lives are easier, they face the same monsters we do in different forms.<br/>Key character introduced: Umbridge
 great what better way to spend passing the time on a road trip it is too good to sleep through
 A must for all fans. I loved the illustrations cant wait for second book
 Shipped quick &amp; in excellent condition . Awesome book. My kids loved it &amp; read it so many times it fell apart &amp; we had to buy a second copy
 Beautiful book. Can't wait for the next one!
 The character building in these books is just amazing!!
 Incredible! There are no words. Every time I turn the page to see a new illustration I am overwhelmed with joy. Every die hard potter fan needs one!!
 A Pooterphile-my favorite.
 After learning Korean, I wanted to read my all-time favourite series in it. Granted, there are going to be quite a few differences due to the language change, but it still paints the picture and drags you into the the fabulous and magical world of Harry Potter.<br/><br/>I wish I could write more, but it's 2011! I'm pretty sure everyone knows Harry Potter and as read the first book by now. X3
 beautiful book.  I hope they do all the Harry Potter books that way!
 Massive entry in the Potter lore. The mystery becomes front and center in this one. The revelations are amazing and impossible to see coming. What really makes this book is the incredible finally. While reading it I was transfixed to the page. After it was over I thought about it for days. It just works so well. As always the characters are what ultimately makes this entry so good.
 Classic
 Awesome
 It is just so beautiful. I can't wait for the second one to come out.
 Book shipped quick and in great condition. Reason why I'm rating 4 stars is that the cover was from a different Harry Potter book, so I was a little confused at first.
 Arrived in time period promised and in condition promised. My child was excited to see it. Great book! Gave as gift.
 Order Of The Phoenix is the 5th book in the Harry Potter series. Happening after the 4th book "Goblet Of Fire", Voldemort is back in the magical world once more. Loved this book, definietly sets up a amazing background for the next two books.
 Loved the book!
 It was ok. I am happy with how fast it arrived. The book was a little bit scuffed and yellowed, but I expected this from a book claiming to be a first edition. I do say claiming to be a first edition because this certainly is not. Mine appears to be a 7th printing and I am quite disappointed about that fact. A more reasonable price for this book would have been $7-10. Maybe look around a few more places before settling on buying from here.
 I cannot wait for the movie this summer!! I may need my tissues. Just some advice for those who haven't read the book yet. ^_^ Nothing else to say except that it is well written and I love the books. I am also waiting for the 7th, Deadly Hollows.
 My grand daughter had not read this book yet. She was really excited to get it and start to read.
 I lost one of the 23 discs included in the unabridged version, and wanted to complete my set, so I ordered a new set.  I received the CDs in a timely manner.  The package arrived in good shape, with all contents secure.  I'm happy to have a complete set again of Book 5!
 Beautiful!
 I love the Harry Potter books!  I have read them over and over.  (And I am a 68 year old woman)
 Of course the story is the same and made wonderful by Jim Dale's interpretation.<br/>One problem however, the set of tapes was brand new, unwrapped, but tape 2 wouldn't advance and while monkeying around with it I broke it, odd eh? Oh well, I know the story anyway so no great loss.
 What a wonderful book!  If you've only seen the movies you are really missing out!  The books are wonderful!
 This book is absolutely beautiful!
 These tapes are in very good condition, and I listen to them a lot. Jim Dale does an excellant job of making the wizarding world come to life!
 This audiobook, like all in the set, is read beautifully by Jim Dale and is an exceptionally good car book as it can be listened to more than once without losing the excitement of the story.
 Bought a second copy for my classroom.  Both parents and students love.  I LOVE these books.  I hope they are around when my kids are old enough to comprehend the compelling story.
 Love love it.
 This was my fourth time reading this book and still love it. I started reading it to my son when was 5 (now 12) because I was tired of the kiddy books every night. I read all 7 to him and then read them again to myself. I have since read them to my middle child and now just finished the first one with my youngest. You can't ask for a better family friendly series....
 Beautiful item. Gorgeous illustrations.  I only gave this a 3 star because of the condition of the book when it arrived. Several pages had come unglued from the binding. I was disappointed, especially because this was a gift and shipping it back and waiting on a replacement would have taken too long. So I improvised and used my glue gun to stick the pages back in. My friend loved the book and the pages are still glued in as far as I know.
 Good book, good condition I bought it for my cousin to read, and she'll probably get to it this summer after she's done with the Prisoner of Azkaban.
 With my very busy life and working three jobs I miss reading so very much. Now that I found my new faviorite kind of reading I find it hard to get out of my car LOL LOL.<br/>I love the Audio books and the promptness of which Amazon is so very good at.<br/>Love the books
 I was hesitant about buying another copy of the book (I have the original hard cover version, and an eBook version). But the illustrations are *lovely* and truly add to the experience of reading the book. I'm hoping that Rowling plans to produce illustrated versions of all 7 books, with Jim Kay as the illustrator of all of them. His work is amazing.<br/><br/>Oh, and about the text of the book not being "translated" for U.S. audiences (other than changing "Philosopher's Stone" to "Sorcerer's Stone"): I am so glad to have a copy of the book with the original British words and phrases. I've thought all along that it's completely ridiculous to make wording changes for a U.S. audience. I just wish it had gone all the way and stuck with the proper British title as well.
 Amazing! Everything about this is perfect!
 Love this book! The art is beautiful!
 What can I say about Harry Potter that hasn't already been said.  I love the stories, especially the early ones because they have an innocence to them that the older darker stories don't.
 Stupify! Harry Potter is looking forward to a nice peaceful year at Hogwarts, but Hogwarts turns out to be a fiasco! Harry is chosen to compete in the Triwizard Tournament. It is said people have DIED in that tournament. With dragons, mermaids, and Blast-Ended-Skrewts, Harry’s life just can’t be happy. But thats not all, at the Triwizard cup, strange things start to happen… I recommend this book to all who like a book with gripping moments and characters you can empathize with.<br/><br/>I really liked this book. One reason I like this book is because I can connect to when Ron turns on Harry. I get into fights with my friends all the time, and I just get so humiliated! Another reason I like the book is because J.K Rowling makes us have the clearest image in our heads. I can practically see myself sitting in a huge stadium watching a 14-year-old fighting a dragon on a broomstick. The last reason I like this book is because it is so suspenseful, will the dragon kill Harry in the first task? Will the mermaids keep him underwater? Will he get lost in the maze? The questions slip through your mind as you read...
 Love the illustrations, they get my daughter's attention everything I start reading.
 The illustrations are amazing.
 Love the book.
 We got this for my father-in-law, who has studied Arabic for the last 4 years or so. He was very amused, and thinks he should be able to read it in a few years. By the end of his birthday weekend, he said he'd been able to translate "parts of a few sentences on the first page." Anyway, it's a nicely printed and bound book, and fun for an Arabic reader.
 Beautiful
 It is Harry Potter
 Fun illustrations. This will make a good bedtime storybook.
 We love Harry Potter in our house, and we are so thrilled to get started on Book 4 with our son.
 Great book
 This is a great series for the whole family to watch and enjoy.  We have watched these more than three times as a family.
 It's a harry potter book. What more can I say ... it starts right where the other one left off and gets to ya asap.
 Sometimes, I'll go in2 Mc and create a world, where I build something that looks really, really nice and took a lot of time and effort in2 building it. Then, I do something either irrational or stupid or both and then I end up leaving the world. When I return hrs, days, weeks, or even MONTHS later, I'm like: " what was the point of my life in this world again?!?!?" And then hrs l8er I'm like: "oh yea... THAT was the point of my life." And then I get killed by a horde of zombies. LOL sad right? I mean, y is it ALWAYS zombies?
 Bought this for my daughter.  She loves it.  She said it's beautiful!
 The translations of names are a bit tedious, but overall good, simple and clear language.
 This book was so incredibly amazing! After reading book three of the Harry Potter series I thought it coudn't get any better! But I was wrong. In Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts the story (while sometimes a bit confusing) is wonderful and the best yet from J.K. Rowling. This book is great for kids and adults alike!
 Thumbs up!
 Wow! The latest Potter book is the best one yet. Much darker and more mature than the first four, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix really delivers. If you liked the first four, you'll LOVE this one!
 Of course everyone knows how great these books are, but it's incredible how Rowling can keep the story so fluid and consistant throughout a nearly 900 page mega novel. I read the book to my daughter and we are both delighted and awed by the authors ability to give unique life to each individual character and her skill at transporting the reader into the magical world of Hogwarts. This book is thrilling!
 Even better than I thought.
 good book
 Loved every second. Another great book on the series. J.K. Rowling is amazing. The audio is well done and the voices are spot on.
 Can not wait to read.
 Beautiful book!
 it was in better condition than expected for a used book.had all the pages and what wear there was took nothing from the book. bought for my son a Potter fan
 Great illustrations
 I received the book and I love it and so does my son.  I was reading my Kindle version to my son and he always asked if there was a picture he also seems to connect better with a book to hold.  I decided to buy this for him because I want to him fall in love with Harry Potter as much as I did.  The book is beautifully illustrated and it is the full book.  My son loves it and loves being able to see a picture of what is happening and to see a face that goes with the characters in the book.  I definitely recommend this book.
 At 51, and in 2009, I am a very late comer to the Harry Potter series. This is the first book of the series, and one of the best. It's a great story with the appropriate amounts of humor, mysticism, and adventure to awaken the spirits of a mature man or woman and perhaps even put some wonder back into our lives.  It was a great break from the overly serious stuff that I usually read.  I was not too happy about making J.K. Rowling even richer when I purchased the book (used), but she did create a great series. There are plenty of used copies around these days and I am sure the book is also readily available in the library.
 beautiful illustrations!
 I couldn't imagine a better version of this book!
 I love these books and I really like to listen to them in the car.  I plan on buying the rest of the series
 As a harry potter fan, book 1 through book 7 I've read and I love them all, as well as all of the movies made.
 Beautifully illustrated! A true collector's item.
 I'll tell you this. My girlfriend was adamant that she wouldn't like the story. She swore that she had no interest in Harry Potter, so I made a bet with her, I dared her to read the first page, if she could read it, and put the book down. I'd take her out to dinner right then. I left the room to grab something out of the refrigerator, a friend called me on my phone. We talked for an hour, by the time I got back in the room, she was on chapter 3... nuff said.
 Great gift for any HP fan
 like
 Illustrations are gorgeous!
 My son loves this book! Awesome
 To start let me say that I love the Harry Potter books, and if I had received a book with all the correct pages I would be giving this 5 stars.  However, I am giving it 1 star because of the poor production of the actual book I received.  First, I bought this book as brand new and it arrived with the cover torn half off--see picture.  Then as I was reading the book I discovered that some of the pages were incorrect.  When I got to page 686, the next page was 639, so the pages 639-686 were in the book for the second time between pages 686 and 687.  Then I got to page 734 and the next page was 783, 49 pages are missing from the book.  These pages include part of chapter 32, all of chapters 33 and 34, and the beginning of chapter 35.  I have included pictures to show how the pages are in the incorrect order.  I am beyond disappointed and super frustrated and not being able to finish my book.  I bought the book new so it would arrive sooner for me to read, and I expected it to be in new condition. The disappointments from me deciding to order new started when the book arrived and never seemed to end.
 Gorgeous illustrations.
 Wonderful book! I am a huge fan of all of these novels and am purchasing the paperback for my niece to begin her reading adventures!
 Don't let the length of this book intimidate you; the adventure it will take you on is well worth the long read.  But Muggles (non-magic people for you laymen) beware, this book is definitely PG 13.  If you are concerned about your children reading something you may not deem appropriate, please read it yourself before you hand it over to the kids.  This is a great book, which captures the imagination and takes it on a rollercoaster ride to remember.
 &lt;3
 gift
 SO COOL!!!
 Gorgeously made. The pictures are vivid, colorful, beautiful, and every other good word in existence. The print is a bit large.. I think it's meant for children, but that didn't stop me. I enjoyed reading this childhood favorite with a different perspective. It's something I'll be keeping until the end of time! Some of the pages do not have large artwork, but it leaves your imagination to determine the imagery. I prefer it that way. The book is sturdy, pages are thick, and I can't wait for the next one to come out!
 The illustrations are amazing, high quality pages and totally worth the price.<br/>I almost bought this at full price elsewhere but instead bought it here on Amazon for about $25, but it is worth the $40 price tag!<br/>The pages are nice and thick, the images are nice and lovely to look at, I spent some time flipping through to look at them all.<br/>I love that there is a ribbon place marker as well.<br/>I haven't read this book since it came out nearly 20 years ago and I couldn't imagine a better way to reread it!
 Loved. Excellent different character voices!!
 Beautiful book!
 We are a HP family, but my niece isn't the biggest fan of reading, so she's never read the Harry Potter books. She has seen and loves the movies and decided that for her 10th birthday she wanted to have a HP party, so when this book was released I KNEW it would be the perfect gift. I wasn't wrong, she loves it and has been reading it, slowly but surely. The pictures are gorgeous and the book is a really high quality. She loves the ribbon book mark (its the little things!) and we all can't stop smelling the book.
 It took over a month for this to arrive, but the book is so beautiful. The long wait was completely worth it.
 Best thing ever. Gorgeous illustrations. I hope they do this for ALL OF THE BOOKS!!!!!!!
 I adored reading the Harry Potter books, but I always wished I could hear them read in the appropriate British accent.  Jim Dale is not only an excellent reader of the books, he creates remarkable voices for each character.  His readings have given me new insight into the books.  I recommend purchasing any of the audio CDs of the Harry Potter books, as read by Jim Dale.
 This is the best of the series so far.
 Great read. Love the series. Lots I never knew.
 Having read now the entire series, i have to say this is my favorite, its the turning point, when the plot begins, and the main story takes off, and its the funnier one.<br/><br/>Also the ending surprised me more than the other 6 books, dont know why
 perfect
 Loved it!
 Brilliant is the only word I can describe J K Rowling.
 FIRST EDITION , the goblet fire , fast and thrilling book , i read the  book one day , very good !!!!!
 I am glad I baught it.
 Ok, so I'm a Harry Potter nut and have collected all seven books in hardcover.  The fourth, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, continues to send you and your children and grandchildren on the wonderful journey.  By now one knows the characters and it is interesting to see J.K. Rowling darken the story. I shopped Amazon used books and found books in wonderful condition and inexpensively too.
 What a beautiful book!  This will make reading the book again even better!
 great
 Like the first two Harry Potter books this book is great,  it is in this book that parents should beware;  it starts to have a few more moments that might scare the younger reader,  it takes on a darker side as Harry ages and Voldemort begins to gain his power back,  Definately makes you want to continue to read the complete set,  this is my second time thru the books and I never tire of reading them. Great Reading for all ages
 Great book!
 Great story
 The book was delivered and received as promised.  My granddaughter loves it and told me it was in great shape.  Thank you
 In great shape when arrived, completed my set.
 As always, Rowling does not disappoint
 Great
 I love all of the Harry Potter books :)
 I read this in hardcover back in the previous century, later in paperback and now on my Kindle ... still great, still entertaining ...
 the turtleback school and library edition is great. its about the size of a paperback but it is a hardback so its small and you can take it anywhere with you not like the original hardcover. it goes without saying this book is fantastic! i loved it! JK is a great storyteller and the harry potter series is one of the best book series there is!
 i picked up this book in 2004 and iv read all 7 books and j k rowling is still one of my favorite authors this book series is for all ages kid adults young adults teenagers grown ups etc etc etc etc i loved this book and the rest of the series as well if you liked the harry potter book series check out these amazing novels as well<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Star-Wars-The-Old-Republic-Revan/dp/0345511344">Star Wars: The Old Republic: Revan</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Star-Wars-The-Old-Republic-Deceived/dp/0345511387">Star Wars: The Old Republic: Deceived</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Star-Wars-The-Old-Republic-Fatal-Alliance/dp/0345511336">Star Wars: The Old Republic: Fatal Alliance</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Star-Wars-The-Force-Unleashed-Star-Wars-Del-Rey/dp/034550285X">Star Wars: The Force Unleashed (Star Wars (Del Rey))</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Star-Wars-The-Force-Unleashed-II/dp/0345511557">Star Wars: The Force Unleashed II</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Path-of-Destruction-Star-Wars-Darth-Bane-Book-1/dp/0345477375">Path of Destruction (Star Wars: Darth Bane, Book 1)</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Rule-of-Two-Star-Wars-Darth-Bane-Book-2/dp/0345477499">Rule of Two (Star Wars: Darth Bane, Book 2)</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Star-Wars-Darth-Bane-Dynasty-of-Evil-A-Novel-of-the-Old-Republic-Star-Wars-Del-Rey/dp/0345511573">Star Wars: Darth Bane: Dynasty of Evil: A Novel of the Old Republic (Star Wars (Del Rey))</a>
 One of my all time favorite books!
 Love it
 This audio book is awesome.  I loaded it on my iPod and listen to it while exercising.  Makes my workout much more interesting.
 After seeing the movie the book gave a greater insight deeper into the story line. Loved the book and will continue to read the whole series.
 This book will be a classic.  The author has invented a story that rivals the best stories ever written.  I'm sure a review like mine has already been expressed in so many ways by much more qualified people than me.<br/><br/>This is truly a great read!
 I don't know which harry potter is my favorite but the order of the phoenix is up there. What an incredible book. Rowling outdid herself with the last three books. I recommend it as a quick read. then read it again to catch details you missed the first time around.
 Was under the impression this was a hard back that was not the case very sad about that
 Shipped safely and is a beautiful book!
 4 stars for the story itself, 1 for this rendition. We purchased the entire kindle set when they were based on the Scholastic versions. These not only have x-ray enabled, but also credit Mary Grandpre for her excellent covers and chapter illustrations. Somewhat tacky of these newer ones to have Olly Moss credited as sole illustrator (cover) on Amazon when Ms Grandpre's are still used as the interior ones.
 THE MOTION IS AMAZING.
 Zis story vas GRAYT. Ze whole time I vas like... vat is going to happen to Harry und Ron! Zen like all of zese sings vith snape und voldemort und quirrell happening, und ze whole story just turned into a pie. LOVES IT!
 This book is beautiful in every way, since you can open perceive the effort imposed do a book like this , no collector or  Harry Potter fan can missed, it is truly a piece of art .<br/><br/>Some details :<br/>1. The book is written in British English, only the title changed to the American version.<br/>2. All pages have an image , to the white containing only letters are like parchment or ink stains .<br/>3. I read in a review that the illustrations make further reference to the Dursleys that the Weasleys , but I think this is because is the first book, the Weasley's have much more weight in the following books to offset the illustrations.<br/>4. The book is huge, a little uncomfortable to read, but once you arrange it with him everything is perfect
 J.K. Rowling has biten us all - young and old!! Way to go!!
 This audio book is awesome.  I loaded it on my iPod and listen to it while exercising.  Makes my workout much more interesting.
 This shipped very quickly, and I was pleasantly surprised to find bubble wrap covering the entire book to ensure no damage done to it. Book was in excellent condition, no wear.
 LOOOOOVE!
 This is what I always envisioned for this book.  It's the type of story book I see a parent or grandparent reading to a small child while sharing the pictures.  I'm 63 and still I delight in this edition.  Great work Scholastic Bloomsbury team.
 It's one of my favorite books, so I recommend you read it! it came with a good package, Harry Potter!
 The product said it was in very good shape and did not have a dust jacket.  This suggests that it was a hard bound copy.  It is a paper back and was just in OK shape....
 What do you need to say about Harry Potter books that hasn't already been said? However, my thoughts, this book is the first one that starts to get a little "dark" at the end. So if you have a younger child reading the book, and you know nothing about the Harry Potter series, you might want to read it so you know whether it's appropriate for your child. However, having said that, Goblet of Fire is a page turner, continuing to develop the characters and is an awesome continuation of the series.
 I thought with 734 pages that the the book would drag in places but I couldn't put it down.  Full of adventure, fun, mystery and just plain great magic.  This book is treat for all ages!
 Love love love
 Always love the Harry Potter series.  My gift was the beginning of her experience at HEARING it read by the amazing Mr. Dale.  In my view, the books came to life in a much different way from reading it myself.  A wonderful experience, that I'm glad to share.  She got the item and loved it.<br/>thanks<br/>s
 As always the Potter books are very engaging.  Jim Dale, who reads these unabridged versions, does a very nice job with the voices of characters.  With them on CD, I can listen while I am on the road.
 This is the book I’ve been waiting for after reading the first two that were lacking a bit with twists and suspenses. Granted, I saw the movie before reading the books, which is a sin that I cannot erase ;) This book just flowed better and pulled me into the story more than the other two did. Grateful to have this so can enjoy the series from a literary perspective!
 This is a beautiful book and has been a great addition to our family library.
 I bought this book to read to our 4 and 6 year old grandsons during our vacation.  They are normally very rambunctious so I was looking for something to give us all a little "quiet time" in the evening.  The 6 year old was absolutely mesmerized and kept wanting to hear "just a little more".  He had already seen the movie but this didn't diminish his enjoyment at all.  The 4 year old, on the other hand, quickly lost interest - no pictures and too much narrative for his attention span.
 Great price. Fast delivery. Will shop again for other books.Thanks
 I want to teach myself (learn)  Irish this is a great start especially for a Harry Potter fan I wish I could find an audio book version
 Loved this book
 So incredibly beautiful. I have read the whole series more times than I can count and preordered this the minute it was available. Looking through the illustrations I find them even closer to how I imagined some things to be before the movies came out. I hope they release an illustrated version of every book. I can't wait for my daughter to be a little older so we can read them together.
 Belatedly I found out that this is not worth buying. Yes, I bought the book because I thought that being touted as the 10th Anniversary Edition, it would be SPECIAL. Like there would be at least a Reflection page by Scholastic or JKR since the book (and the obscure author) has been a huge success. However, the contents are basically the same. The only additional is the sketch of Snape by JKR with a small note regarding the sketch plus the colored frontis of Hagrid on the boat...yes, the dust jacket has a new art and the boards are red with golden stars...but that's about it.<br/><br/>If you collect the books though, as in because you want every copy of the HP book series, then what I just said won't matter. But if you're buying it because you think it offers something new, then I would say it is not worth it.
 Very satisfied with this book and how it was described! My daughter enjoyed reading it although the binding was starting to come apart but for one cent plus shipping I'm not going to complain!!Thank you!
 I can' believe all harry potter books are one kidl unlimited these books amazing 5 stars This is a fictional novl written in a magical place
 Over the years, my grandson and I did a lot of bonding over the Harry Potter books and movies.  When I saw this illustrated version, I just had to have it.  Jim Kay is such a gifted artist that he made this book a veritable feast for the eyes.  The illustrations are so intricate, that every time I look at it, I see something new.  Of course, the story itself is legendary and it does contain the whole story. therefore, the illustrations bring it to a whole new level.  I can't wait to get the next illustrated book in the series.
 This is only the 2nd audio book, I've tried. I thought Jim Dale did a great job. Except for his eastern european and french accents, he was great. I really enjoyed the book this way. Like old time radio, you can do chores, etc.., and still be engrossed, in the story. Another plus would be sharing with a group of people; like a class, or small gathering. These stories are not for the very young though; as the seriousness, and intensity, elevate. I am listening to the 5th book now.
 Book is beautiful! All I expected it to be and more!
 Fantastic book!!!!!!!!! Incredible ending so detailed and kept me at the edge of my seat with every single word wrote in the book.
 the cd's came in good shape, no need to write an essay on the matter, but you can read my HP and the chamber of secrets review.
 The order is a great group of characters i most enjoyed reading about.  I think i can relate to the schools turmoil by remembering my time in high school.  My high school felt like prison... only hogwarts was worse... a nightmare i think.  I found the cat lady very annoying and enjoyed her end in the forest.  My favorite part was when Fred and George set off one of their Swamp traps in one of the corridors and no one knew how to clean it up.  Classic juvenile delinquincy.  Lol...
 I love the Harry Potter series and always enjoy being read to.  That is why I chose to get the book in audio format.  It is simply wonderful to listen to.
 As I mentioned in my previous reviews of this series, the books just get better and better as you go along.  With each new book, I find a new favorite.  Do yourself a favor and pick them all up, if you haven't already!
 Audiobooks are much more convenient for me than books since I work long hours and commute almost 2 hours a day. I love the Harry Potter series and received this audiobook right before I finished " The Prisoner Of Azkeban", so I was able to transition from one to the next without a gap. I am a happy camper!
 You would think that the 5th book in a series such as this might lose steam, and falter, but you would be wrong.  This book just keeps going and keeps you wanting more.  You would be hard pressed to find a better set of books, especially better written!  No one else could have pulled it off!
 We have all of the HP books on audio, narrated by Jim Dale. You used to be able to get them at Audible.com, and Itunes, but now you can only get them on disc. Whatever the case may be, these are great, and I would recommend them to everyone.
 So very happy!
 These are great books one of my absolute favorite series! They are so captivating, these books are for any age! I would recommend reading the books before seeing the movies of course you get more out of it! J.K. Rowling is so clever the books is very original and well thought out. Over the series you really get to know the characters and she does a great job keeping you interested in the books!
 The book was as well written as the others. I'm half way through it now. The book was in great condition except for an old coffee receit was stuck in the book from 2004 which I disposed of properly in a paper shredder.
 Love Harry Potter
 It seems that this book was just a long way to re-introducing everyone to Voldemort. The whole Wizard Championship tournament meant nothing to the real realm of what the HP series is about. A character was introduced and killed in the same book. I don't think enough time was spent on delving into who Cedric really was in order for the audience to connect and feel deep shock or remorse when he died. This to me was just a filler book to prepare us for the next.
 Okay, first off, I don't care that the U.S. version of this book has to do with the "Sorcerer's Stone" as opposed to the "Philosopher's Stone".  Personally, I like the former better as it ties into the universe better.  But I could be wrong, so please minimize the amount of hate mail sent my way.<br/>  That being said, what kid doesn't imagine someone coming to them when they're around ten or eleven years old and explaining why they're different from others, assuring them that these differences are quite all right, and whisking them off to a magical school where they'll be fully accepted because of these differences.  I'm convinced that this is what hooked so many onto this series and made it so successful (it pulled J. K. Rowling out of near-poverty or something close to it.)  But my guess could be wrong.  I don't know as I'm not a therapist...I don't even own a couch and I'm certainly not on TV.  But I've convinced myself with this theory so I thought I would share it.<br/>  Now then, I loved this book.  I loved this series.  All seven books will be getting five stars because I can't go any higher.  And, so it's also made clear, Hermione Granger is without a doubt my favorite character across the board, though there are a lot more that I still really, really like.  I think this goes back to my liking girls with brains.<br/>  Right from the start, J. K. Rowling gave us one heck of a world to work with.  Hidden train platforms, flying broomsticks, three-headed dogs, dragons, wands and spells, potions, and talking portraits are just the tip of the iceberg...and I love it all!  In this book, I will say that Hagrid is my favorite faculty member because he's probably the kind of mentor I'd want...kind but firm and helpful but wisely cautious at times (i.e. pointing out Fang's cowardly nature.)<br/>  I read somewhere that the book's editors wanted to do away with the troll in the bathroom, but I say "how dare they?"  This scene was the first of many turning points in this series and, without it, we may not have had many of the others.<br/>  I will say I wish Professor Quirinus Quirrell played a bigger role in this book.  I know he plays a huge role in the end, but I wish he was more built up beforehand.  Sure, the surprise involving him was still appropriate, but given what's said about his post as the Defense against the Dark Arts teacher, a job said to be cursed even in this book, I'd have liked to at least see him teach something.  I don't remember any of that.  In fact, during the school year, the only thing I remember about him is when he fainted while reporting the troll attack.<br/>  I do like how the Dursleys were developed, especially Vernon.  Even though it's never said or even implied, the amount of time devoted to this family allows us to clearly link them later on with the family that doesn't believe in magic or anything similar, even if their motives for such beliefs remain a mystery a while longer.<br/>  I did find it odd that Hagrid never told Harry about how to find Platform 9 3/4.  It seemed like one heck of an oversight, even for Hagrid.  Sure, it opened the door for Harry to meet the Weasleys, but still...<br/>  While I'm on the subject, I'm also wondering how Muggle-born students like Hermione managed.  I completely understand why Hagrid was sent to help Harry, given the boy's history and all that.  But how do others who don't know any of this stuff find these places.  There obviously aren't street signs and even Hermione couldn't have prepared for Diagon Alley somehow.  Does Hogwarts send someone to every new student without witch/wizard parents?  Do they send a detailed manual for you to read once you've recovered from your fainting spell?  I would have liked some elaboration on this.<br/>  But for all my nit-picking, this was an absolutely great book.  Jim Dale does an especially good job on the audio version, which is unabridged, which, in this case, should earn the book another nine stars on its own.  If you're among the only two people in the world who don't know Harry Potter, "The Boy Who Lived", don't waste any more time.  Read this book!  Enjoy.
 I only hope JK Rowling has a plan to write another series or three.  Millions of elementary - middle school students read more because of this series.  If your child/grandchild has not yet read this series, you can't go wrong.  I'd generally recommend this book for ages 9-12 because of frightening situations.
 This is an absolutely gorgeous print of the book!
 I love Harry Potter! I have all seven books. They are so well written, and such wonderful stories. I highly recommend them for readers young and old.
 Amazing book
 Once I paid for this book, it took almost 2 weeks to get here! But all Harry Potter books are worth the wait!
 Of course everyone is going to order and read this installment of the Harry Potter series, so why write a comment about it?  Because it might be worthwhile to parents of younger children.  If you want a relaxing and fun read, this is definitely NOT it.  I am going to try and hit on a few points without giving the book away.<br/><br/>For one, too much politics!  I understand that Rowling had her hands full with the ending in "Goblet of Fire."  But still, I was so sick and tired of the constant whining going on that I got a headache!<br/><br/>Secondly, when did Harry develop this sudden attitude problem and rage?  I know Harry turned 15 in this book, but it's really too sudden and shocking.<br/><br/>Third, why all of a sudden is Ron breaking out from under Harry's shadow?  It seemed like Ron was the major upbeat character in this one while Harry was off being angry at everything.  Why now?  We never found out. (Yet, anyways.)<br/><br/>Fourth, the entire Harry and Cho scene (without giving anything away) was simply ..., odd, and disappointing.  Why even bother?<br/><br/>Finally, we come to the ending.  Could someone please slap me?  I suffered through the entire book for that?  Has Rowling run out of imagination?  That's the best she could come up with after four years?  Ridiculous!<br/><br/>Needless to say, I was quite dissatisfied.  I am hoping it was a set-up book for the next one.  (You know, like the last "Star Wars" movie.)
 Really a great book.
 First of all this is a review of the special leather-bound edition of Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone.  Any harry potter fan would love to have this in their collection the book is very artfully done with the green leather binding and gold edge gilded pages a most for any fan of the series.
 Fantastic book!
 This book is the best Harry Potter book of all.With  Mystrey, Excitement and charm this book will be your favorite.
 Everything was on time and as promised.  The book was exactly as promised, sent in a timely manner, and at a great price.
 Lost my old copy and had to complete my set again. Lovely book and looks just like my old one.
 As a Harry Potter fan, I was determined to buy this right away. The hardcover is beautiful. The images/drawings are just perfect. The font is large enough even for old people to read. This definitely brought me back to my childhood years. Each page has different pictures portraying each story it is conveying. I was a bit surprised that it was bigger than expected, but that is not a problem. I can't wait till they come out with Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and the rest of the books. I definitely recommend this for all Harry Potter fans.
 Always good for long drives, passing the time and miles.  Jim Dale is never dull and listening to his reading of Harry Potter makes time pass quickly and unstressfully in what otherwise would be stressfull situations.
 The listing had the book described as in very good condition.  Actually it looked like it had never been read.  The book arrived very quickly-earlier than I had any idea it would be.  I was very pleased with the entire experience.
 I am reading this to my 6 &amp; 8 year old kids.  I was concerned the content might be too old for them, but they are really enjoying it and it has led to a lot of good conversation.  I wouldn't recommend letting them read it alone, but it is a great read w/ a parent.
 Great!
 I love this book. One of my favorites in the series.
 I happen to think that so far, Order of the Phoenix is the most enjoyable Harry Potter book I've read.  still waiting for 7 though... ; )] Having it in audiobook format is amazing, because I love the story, but hardly ever have time to sit and read it through. With this, I can just put it on, and go about doing anything I need to get done around the house, or even listen as I'm out and about, or on an extended car trip. It is beautifully performed, and I would recommend any Harry Potter audiobook to anyone who is interested.
 My son (age 10), who never likes to read, cannot stop reading this book.  I would definitely recommend it for kids this age.
 I realize its been about 18 years since this series came out. I wasn't always a harry potter fan, but it found its way into my heart and I picked up the books after watching the movies a million times!<br/><br/>I was delightfully surprised how on point the movie was to the book. I absolutely loved Reading this book. The magic was still there. I finished rather quickly, finishing in just one day.<br/><br/>I already loved the characters, but getting the inner monologue was a treat!
 Great
 I your a Harry Potter Fan I definetley recommend this product. Especially if you plan on taking any cross country trips, kills time like you wouldn't believe. Listened to it from Miami, FL to Portland,OR (3500 miles-6 days). 23 dics total, some of which at the end you can't wait to put the next disc in. Narrorator does a great job on all 140 different voices by himself. Made it easier to listen to than just a simple 1 monatone voice. Definetly recommend this product.
 The young person to whom I gave this was intimidated by the length (734 pages).  I told him that there was something good on every page, and the length of the book just meant that there was that much more to enjoy.  He read it and loved it.  Long books no longer worry him.
 I guess all kids do<br/>My three 9 year olds took turns reading this so I got my money's worth out of it
 ok
 ok
 love what they did with the illustrations in this book
 Love the cover and the drawings inside the book
 The book arrived in a timely manner and in great shape....My Daughter-in-law is delighted with it....Thanks.
 As always- a wonderful read. I find something new, each time I re-read the book. A great read for all.
 This book was in perfect condition. It was wrapped in plastic to protect the book cover. I was very impressed with this order. It also arrived by the estimated delivery date.
 Such a beautiful book :) So happy it is illustrated! Hoping they are doing this for all the other books!
 While not as emotionally gripping as the Goblet of Fire with its personal high stakes (the fantastic Tri-Wizard tournament and the Dark Lord's personal attack on Harry Potter),<br/>Order of the Phoenix is a masterfully plotted read that succeeds on many fronts - it is a tale of Harry Potter growing up and as such it is full of frustration, emotion, and the reality of constantly changing relationships in an ever increasingly dangerous world.<br/>Without revealing any specific spoilers for readers who have not finished the story, the Order of the Phoenix starts off with a bang (or is it crack) and the events on Privet Drive soon leads Harry back to his fifth year at Hogwarts, with his enemies on more fronts than  before.  Harry's future career will be decided by his results of his OWLs (ordinary wizarding level exams), the new Defense Against Dark Arts professor will prove to be far more challenging than her girlish voice, the Ministry of Magic will prove be a political force to be reckoned with, Professor Snape will be as daunting as ever, You Know Who conjures darkness and death with his Death Eaters, and yes, raging hormones and romance will play a part (could it be someone from RavenClaw ?).<br/>The whole cast is back, from Lupin to Rita Skeeter to the Weasley twins, more mischievous and entertaining than ever.  And the good thing is, we learn many things about those around Harry, from the Dursleys to the Weasleys to even Professor Snape and we begin to really really understand what Harry has faced and what he is going to have to face in the upcoming two novels.  Growing up is never easy for anyone and Harry is definitely not going to have anything easy at 15 - not even Quidditch.  Harry is very angry in this book, like many teenagers caught in the awkward stage between child and adult yet possessed of certain powers beyond their years.  It is a stage where things change moment by moment, where there are stresses beyond belief, where there are awkward moments when one is neither adult nor child - and it is here that JK Rowling captures Harry's essence perfectly - Harry's confused adolescence and the continued evolving relationships of his friends, peers, and loved ones.<br/>Order of the Phoenix sets a marvelous stage for what's to come - it gives the reader the background and emotions to understand the harsh reality that is about to come into the wizarding world - that Lord Voldermort will bring much pain and suffering and that Harry must fulfill his destiny whether he wants to or not.  The dark tone from Goblet of Fire continues in this book but it is contrasted by the wild clever imagination of JK Rowling and her wonderful gift for making interesting new out of old - new spells, new magical creatures, new revelations, even new areas of the magical world such as the Ministry of Magic (love the location) or St. Mungo - hospital for magical maladies and injuries.<br/>I enjoyed the book immensely and heartily recommend this to all Harry Potter fans (and even to the minute Muggle minority that hasn't read the series).  Author JK Rowling provides a lot of great character background here and one can see the beginnings of plot lines and twists for Harry's final two years at Hogwarts.  Harry is changing, Hogwarts is changing, and even the Sorting Hat can sense the darkest time ahead - its a call for unity and I for one, cannot wait to see what happens next - I'm with you Harry and JK, even if I have to spend the summer with the Dursleys again.  But in the meantime, I'm going to pop a butterbeer and read this still too short book again !
 Harry Potter is the best series I have ever read and reread.  I enjoyed it so much I got them on tape so I can listen to them anywhere.  Jim Dale is super. He changes his voice to match so many of the characters that you really feel you know them.
 SPOILER FREE. Amazing story with an incredible amount of imagination. I loved it from start to finish and couldn't wait to get to each new chapter. All in all it is a great start for the series. It is fascinating without a doubt
 My grandsons LOVE this!
 when the book got here it happened to be shrink wrapped. all you book lovers know that if a book is shrink wrapped than you leave it that way because it is worth more. unfortunately this means than i cant confirm that it is indeed a first edition first printing. we are happy either way though.
 Love it
 LOVE it!!
 Very difficult to read when sentences have gaps in them on every page and other sentences repeat four or five words on every page. I'll stick to hard copy. Just sorry I paid for this version.
 Harry Potter is the series that started my love for reading.<br/>This is a great adventure story about friendship and courage.
 My son, age 10, usually does not like to read.  However, he can't put this book down.  Definitely good for kids this age.
 I loved the illustrations! (I am an illustrator myself and a big fan of the books. These paintings were the icing on the cake.)
 I love HP and my book 5 was lost in a break-up. I was just looking to replace it. It's good, not the best (read 1, 3, 4 or 7)
 A strong four and a half stars. True to characters as they enter adolescence. Continues storyline while reminding the reader of events occurring earlier in the series. Action and adventure while answering questions the reader has been mentally asking himself about what transpired prior to the events of the first book in the series. Solid storytelling. Enjoyable to read, especially the typical little teen spats between the three main characters and the blossoming of teen romance (particularly Ron).
 I bought this for my 5 year old to help her read and because she was interested in HP but not yet old enough to read the story without pictures.  It worked but it really is a dual-read for a parent and kid if your child is young because the language is the same.  7-8 year-olds can solo this.  And probably will appreciate the images; it's a nice segue for that group.
 Great books.
 ITEM JUST AS DESCRIBED ! FAST AND FRIENDLY ! A REAL PLEASURE DOIN BUSINESS WITH ... THANK YOU !
 It's just beautiful!
 This is perhaps about the last book I'll be able to read and sort of remember bits and pieces of the movie in my head simultaneously. The book is great from start to finish. The introduction is sort of slow with the Quidditch World Cup occupying much of the beginning of the book, though it slowly leads to the start of the fourth year at Hogwarts, and how something accidentally becomes of the goblet which was not meant to have been.
 Really such a great book!
 We have never been interested in this series of books, but our son has been having a hard time finding a series of boy books that he can really get into. So, on a whim we decided to try out the Sorcerer's Stone, not having a huge amount of hope for it being something that he would be into reading. Not only was he incredibly into it, but we read it as a family, and we found all of ourselves on the edge of our seats. We could hardly put it down each night in anticipation for what the next chapter held. It was a fantastic read, and incredibly well written piece of work. Absolutely loved it!
 I love it when my kids beg to read another chapter!  It makes me feel successful as a parent when they are experiencing the love of books.  This isn't a book I dutifully read to my children either, it takes a lot of self-restraint to keep from reading ahead once they are in bed, and I often agree to read another chapter, and then another one, and even allow bed-time to be pushed back a little bit.
 This book is absolutely gorgeous! Jim Kay did an amazing job with this book. As I flipped the pages I became more and more drawn into this amazing art. The style is great and fits well with the energy of the book. The double page illustration of the burrow was one of my favorites and brought all sorts of emotions back just looking at it. This was a great addition to my book shelf and I hope the rest of them get illustrated so I can have a full set of these. Hands down the best purchase I've made all year
 Such a beautiful book!!! I hope to have all of my books in this format one day.
 The first Harry Potter book was the hook that assured I'd buy all the rest of the series.  I switched to hardcover because the paperbacks were bulky and hard to read.  By book three Harry Potter has had his close calls and the author is beginning to increase the intensity of the characters.  There are fewer laughs and certainly more drama.  If you enjoyed books one and two you should enjoy the rest.
 I bought this book because I gave away my first copy to friends. So I bought this one used expecting something a bit beat up or with some notes or highlights inside but it arrived in almost perfect condition. Clearly used, but in better condition than some of my own Harry Potter books!
 No review necessary - this is Harry Potter.
 Continues the adventure nicely.
 SPOILER FREE. This is where Harry Potter starts to get slow for me. Don't get me wrong I do like the book, but I find it does slow done in the middle. For me the ending of the book was completely worth the time to get to.
 Great book.
 If you do not know Harry Potter, you should! This series is amazing and life changing! Great quotes, great characters, great fun! The books grow as Harry grows, and my seem childish at first, but will leave you bawling like a baby by the end of the series. This is one of my favorites in the series, it really starts to take the darker turn. Be sure and start with Sorcerer's​ Stone though!
 great books
 Beautiful book! I am reading it for my kids at nighttime (3 and 6 yr), and they love the pictures, and I love the pictures, and we all lived happily ever after. Seriously, it is a beautifull product, to introduce Harry Potter to your kids, and if I did not have kids, I would probarbly buy them for the illustrations.<br/>I bought the second book as well and will be buying the next ones also.
 I finally broke down and started the series, haven't been able to put it down since.
 Excellent series excellent narration like it very much
 Product in great condition. Pleased with the purchase.
 I generally make a rule that once I see the movie I would never read the book, that is until everyone under the sun keeps telling "you've gotta read the book", "hey Affandi you've gotta read the book" "dude you've gotta read the book" so I relented and started from square one... and of course the book has more detail in it and is way better, just like mist books are in comparison to the movie but this one definitely is excellent I look forward to starting the whole series again.
 Good book.  Fast shipping.
 I bought this as a Christmas gift and it was a complete hit. i highly recomend this for any harry potter fan.
 Nice book
 Even if you've read the book and seen the movie, listening to these CD's is a fabulous experience that I highly recommend.
 Exactly what I wanted and even arrived early!!!
 Just got my book today and couldn't wait to take a look! The illustrations are amazing and so detailed!
 awesome
 great book
 Thanks for this amazing book. Is perfect. I got it earlier than expected.
 We've been buying these audio CDs for our daughter so that she can follow along in the book while listening to the CD.  The quality of the production is fine, and the narrator is fantastic!  Highly recommended for listening in the car, or for getting a young reader hooked on books.
 This book is BEAUTIFUL. I live in California and I believe it came from the UK. It came a lot faster than estimated. UGH!! SO PRETTY!!
 This book is excellent! I love the Harry Potter books, and really wanted my daughter to get into them. She has been reading chapter books, but only interested in the ones that have some sort of pictures. So far, she loves it as much as I do!<br/>  The pictures in this boo are very colorful, and even the pages with just writing have some interesting blotches and such. The characters that are drawn here are more like how I pictured them than the movie. All in all I'd say this was a great buy, and I can't wait for them to do the rest!!
 Just to start off, yes, I'll admit, I already own all the harry potter books in hardcover, most in paperback, and in Kindle version. That being said, I LOVE the illustrated version!  It's absolutely beautiful, and I love the fact that a lot of the British phrases aren't edited like in the usual American version. I have absolutely no regret buying yet another copy of Sorceror's Stone, and I've already preordered my copy of the illustrated version of Chamber of Secrets. If you love Harry Potter, get this book.
 It makes a  great child story, maybe adding morals, ethics between right or wrong. A child's book who anyone under 16 will fancy.
 Very pleased
 It took my 3rd grader whole summer to finish reading. It is great book and we loved reading  it together. We are ready to start reading next Harry Potter book.
 Best so far! Now onto #5!
 Arrives well before the estimated arrival date. Perfect condition and a wonderful product! 5 stars all the way!
 I am enjoying using Harri Potter as a text for improving my Welsh, in particular with respect to the syntax of simple narrative and to Northern Welsh usage, with which I was unfamiliar previously. I wish I could listen to readings from the Welsh text! I am, by the way, no schoolchild, but rather a retiree with an interest in Wales and Welsh language. I had not read any Harry Potter previously, and find it a dandy read, at least for my present purposes!
 I have read all the books, but wanted to read them again.  With a 45 min drive to and from work, listening to them on disc was awesome. And now, I can continue to listen to them over and over again.  Jim Dale is perfect for the Harry Potter series.
 Amazing! Beautiful! Makes me feel like I did when I read it for the 1st time.
 This is about the best book I've ever read in the genre. Possibly of all the books that I've read.
 absolutely phenomenal​
 Awesome pictures for your Harry Potter Fan!
 Very good audio book.  I received it quickly and have enjoyed listening to it.  It is excellently done and Jim Dale is a wonderful reader.
 This is my favorite Harry Potter book. Love it!
 My favorite so far! Lots twists and turns that you don't get to experience in the movie!
 Excellent.
 Excellent.
 nice
 I currently own the actual book.  Read it a long time ago so I can not tell you about it.
 As soon as I received it I started reading it and couldn't put it down until I was finished! All of the HP books are great, but this one was on another level.
 I complete the collection. This was the last book I need. It was in perfect condition..if you like harry potter not hesitate to buy it.
 I think this is great book. I loved it even though at the beginning I felt it was slow. It all makes sense at the end of the book.<br/>Waiting for number 6!
 I have already loaned this book to a friend to read along with the others.  Truly enjoyed this book and it made more sense to me than the movie.
 Book was a Christmas gift and my daughter loved it.  Daughter and husband are both enjoying the person who is reading the book.
 I must confess that as an adult I too have become addicted to the series. As a Christian, I was somewhat concerned about the magical elements at first. However, after reading the series, I find the "magical" episodes so silly that I consider it no more harmful to the children in my life than a fantasy cartoon. A fun book to read to your children!
 I am reading this entire series out loud to my kids.  They cant wait til I get home so I can read.
 Artwork is beautiful
 It's my favorite all-time favorite series, even as an adult!
 Great book. Great Christmas gift
 Very entertaining reading of JK Rowlings book.  I purchased the cd because we wore out the tapes.  Great listening in the car on long trips.
 read it twice. now I'm rereading it with my daughter. J.K. Rowling's got some wild imagination. it's brilliant book of my lifetime.
 Awesome. Great addition to my HP collection.
 It came in great condition and was exactly what I expected.
 It's ok
 I read this book first in Spanish and then in English, and I just love it!, Jo made an excellent job. This story is amazing, and it'll let you waiting for the next book.<br/><br/>Primero leí el libro en español y luego en inglés, y simplemente lo adoré. Jo hizo un gran trabajo con este libro. la historia es maravillosa, te va a dejar esperando por el siguiente libro.
 Wow! What an enjoyable / fun read. Ill admit, I was one of 'those people' who watched the movies first. But now that I just started to read the book for research (seeing how books translate to film), this book is nearly word for word from book to movie unlike Lord of the Rings which I started reading also.<br/><br/>Way to go JK Rowling! What a vivid imagination you have!
 Art work is amazing.
 Go back, no no no I didn't mean that, ughhhhh,  it was exciting, I liked when Harry got the gillyweed.
 Fantastic!!
 The Audio books came as advertised (new) and were delivered well within the time frame promised.
 Like all of JKR's novels in the series, absolutely delightful to read. Looking forward to checking out her new stuff (except for the adult novel, since I dislike that genre). Here's to modern fantasy :)
 Good quality. My daughter was very happy.
 I'm an avid reader and have read all the Harry Potter books, some more than once. But I find listening to Jim Dale read the books lends new depth and meaning to the stories. Of course, if you can't take time to read the books, listening to them is a great alternative. But even if you have read the books multiple times, try listening to Jim Dale read one of them. My guess is you'll hear things you never noticed before.
 Best books I have ever read.This is my third time.
 thank you very much, I now learn new vocabulary words, and I remember many things, I will finish these versions.
 I am no longer a kid. Except that is when I am engaged in this book. I listened to the audio book version on long business trips and loved each moment of the tale. So much so that I got the second book on audio and am  in the midst of it now. I would recommend this book to children of all ages  from 8 to 80.
 We're up to disc 3 and are experiencing problems with that disc.  It is probably a damaged disc.  The other 2 are ok.  Don't yet know if there are problems with the other 14 discs.
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS ILLUSTRATED VERSION OF HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE! To give you some background, I have the complete set for Harry Potter, and The Hogwarts Library and this book topped everything! It made me feel like my childhood is finally complete especially because the illustrations are so beautifully and lavishly drawn by Jim Kay (if you don't know him, he also drew A Monster's Call by Patrick Ness). It definitely brings every character to life and this book review definitely does not do their collaboration any justice. If you have a kid who cannot seem to finish the unillustrated versions, get them this book and they will love you for life!
 Always love these books!
 My 10-year-old grandson is becoming quite a reader because of being able to listen and read at the same time. He is noticing all sorts of differences and similarities between the books and the movies and learning loads of vocabularly. Jim Dale's dramatic interpretation is wonderful!
 Classic books, easy read. Can't wait to share the excitement of the books with my kids.
 I'm replacing all my old HP audio cassette books with the CD version.  I have no intention of paying full price, especially the later audio books, so when I saw this on sale from a third party, I snagged it.  I love the story line and Jim Dale is the BEST.  All I need is #6 and I've got the whole thing.<br/><br/>This really helps pass the time while commuting to work every day.
 Just started the series. Great book!
 My son is now 10 years old, and has been a Harry Potter fan since he was 6.  We have listened to the audiobooks, but he has not read any of the books himself yet.  When I saw this illustrated version come out, I just knew I had to get it for him.  I was thrilled when it arrived just before Christmas.  The cover, binding, size, illustrations, everything, are just perfect.  This is an heirloom quality book, and I look forward to buying the rest of the series in this format.
 It was very interesting and dramatic hs Benson's Shenzhen. Hand gun husband he'd handed lampshade weekend Uzbekistan graveside sushi goo
 This was the only book missing from my hard back collection of first edition Harry Potter books. I was so happy to find it here for a reasonable price. It came in exactly the described condition.
 The Harry Potter books are some of my favorite of all time. I grew up loving them, and each book has been read many times so the story is excellent of course. I bought this book to work on my Spanish reading comprehension since I know the book so well. I have taken a few years of Spanish but am not fluent. For reading skills this is a nice book but beginner-intermediate spanish readers should keep a Spanish dictionary on hand!
 My son is old enough to enjoy Harry, but not old enough to struggle through the book.  So when I had the opportunity to preorder the book on tape, I jumped on it!  He has the first 4 audiobooks and listens to a tape every night.  Not these tapes!  14 of the 17 tapes would not work!  It appears to be a spooling issue on 12 of them.  Before you play them, you should rewind, ffwd (it will stop after a couple of seconds), rewind, ffwd to the end, then rewind to the beginning. This pattern seemed to work for me on 12 of them.  On one there was  a loop(or kink) sticking out the side of the tape spool, and the last problem was the tape was glued upside down to the leader! (how in the world does that happen???)  Additionally I am a fan of audiobooks that state the chapter and side at the beginning of each tape, these don't.<br/>It appears to me that this was simply an issue of trying to produce as many copies as possible, as quickly as possible, using the cheapest materials as possible with no quality assurance.<br/>In order to avoid these issues, I would recommend purchasing the CD's.
 These are hands down the greatest books I have ever read! Thank you!
 poopie poopatron burpie burpatron fartie fartatron
 Book was in great condition.
 In order to read this in color, I bought an HD8 because my Kindle Voyager doesn't have color capability.  I loved reading this book and seeing  Quiddich and Harry and Hogwarts in color and in motion.  I am rereading it to keep the experience going.  I'd give this ten stars if that were possible! I'd like more of these, please!
 Book was in excellent condition!
 Fantastic!  Definitely worth the wait.  Very emotional.  The conclusion left you wanting more.  Can't wait for the final book!
 I love Harry Potter! I love being able to listen to it in my car; it's been great. I highly recommend audiobooks.
 Best book ever !
 A truly fantastic reprint! I was expecting the illustrations to be somewhat sparse, but there's rarely two or three pages without an illustration. The illustrations themselves are gorgeous. Incredibly well done and close to the source material. I typically associate Harry Potter imagery with the films, so it was fun to see everything re-imagined. This was given as a gift and the recipient absolutely adored it. I highly recommend it for any Harry Potter lovers in your life.
 Very good conditions. I love it.
 Love this version of the book. Great quality, great illustrations.
 Fantastic book. Gave 4 stars only because it and another paperback with it weren't packaged well at all and the cover &amp; some pages are wrinkled.  Seeing as this is a Christmas gift from Santa, this is very disappointing.
 I can listen to these stories over and over.  There is always something fun that I missed the first time around.  J.K. Rowling is a wonderful author.  Jim Dale is such a fun reader that they have made many long trips very fun.
 Love!
 LOVE THE MOVIE THIS IS NOT 4 ME IT 4 MY WIFE. BUT GOT LOVE IT WHEN THE BOOK SHOWS UP 3 DAYS AFTER U ORDER IT.
 It was in a very very good condition, better than expected.
 Beautiful artwork, a picture at least every couple of pages.  Great book to get younger children into Harry Potter
 Great book
 Bought as a gift for my nephew  he loved it!
 muy bueno
 The Harry Potter series is a must read for any age.  I was talked into reading this book by a family member who is a teacher.  Of course, believing this book to be a child's fantasy book, I had no interest in ever reading the series.  However, I finally bought the first, and a month later, I had read all 7 books in the Harry Potter series.  I couldn't put it down.
 I mean that's cool and all but I wanted the U.K. hardcover copy. Didn't get it.<br/>Well I suppose I shall keep looking then..
 Love this book
 Great book
 The illustrations are really nice and magical! The perfect addition to our library!
 Great book for kids and adults
 Amazing illustrations. Can't wait for second book.
 Our 9 yr old son absolutely refused to read any of the Harry Potter books.  My husband loves the books, has read them all and seen all the movies.  A friend told us about this illustrated version, so we purchased this one in hopes that he would like the book too.  Seems that now our son is hooked. It's nice to have son and dad enjoy the same books and bonding!
 The best Harry Potter so far.  People actually die and Voldemort is a real threat now!
 It is what it is.  Whether the plot is good or not is irrelevant.  It's in Latin.  Is the Latin good.  Yes, it is.  There are a few errors and once in a while the translation is a bit whimsical. Anyway, this is for someone who wants a project, not someone who wants to read the story.
 Great author. I know it's hard but read the books before watching the movies. The movies are however good but the books are leaps and bounds above
 Granted I am one of those crazy fans who collects anything HP. I ordered this book and was so happy I did. The characters have been brought to life. I was amazed at the attention of detail. I had heard it was coffee table size...not really thinking about it the book is huge. I had to clerk off a special shelf to keep it on. Needless to say I will be getting all of them. I highly recommend whether you are a crazy fan like me or you are introducing the series to a grandchild/child. It's good for adults too.
 Gorgeous.
 Excellent transaction. Excellent condition. Perfect all around. A great item at a fantastic price.  Words cannot describe my experience on Amazon as of late. The item bought was in excellent condition and served its purpose well.  Nothing can compare and have nothing ill to say of it, nor do I have anything else to mention that needs concern. Highly recommend for anyone who shops on the internet!  Amazon is always the best!
 Best one yet!!!!!! I absolutely loved it you who ever you are really should read it it's awesome!<br/>Read it. Read it I say!
 Most compelling book of the series yet. Deeper, more complicated themes make this story just as suitable for adults as for anyone.
 Great book and good condition.
 The book of my childhood, I fully recommend
 Absolutely amazing book for all ages. I have read this to my daughter since she was born. I first read this at the age of 10. This book, and the ones that follow, have taught me so much. Family, friendship, loss, learning to deal with bullies and grief. There are so many facets of the Harry Potter series, that you really can't say as much as you'd like to in a simple review. I'd definitely buy this again. In fact, I'll be purchasing more for my nieces and  nephews.
 I love this series, it gets better with every installment. You can definitely see Rowling consciously amping up the complexity of the narrative as her original readers grow up along with the characters. The story is also getting darker and darker as we move along. At this rate I expect it to be more Stephen King by the end of the story than the J. K. Rowling that wrote The Sorcerer's Stone. So glad I finally got over my reluctance to read these because I considered them kid's books.
 I bought it for my father's birthday!!!  He loved it!!!  Thanks!!!!
 In perfect conditions
 Absolutely amazing. Honestly the best purchase I've made of 2017. I am a huge Potterhead and adding this book to my collection has made me so happy. I haven't gone through all the pages because I'm saving them for later, but they are all so, so beautiful. The quality is amazing and it really adds to the story. My roommate has never read or seen the Harry Potter series and upon showing her my copy she said "Wow, I'm actually considering reading this book now." She is not an avid reader so this was a huge accomplishment :) If you're a Potterhead, buy this book. If you're looking to star the series, buy this book. If you've never read HP, buy this book. Whoever you are, buy this. It is exquisite. I definitely want to get the second and third, and the rest when they come out.
 Harry Potter and the order of the Phoenix is the longest and my favorite of the series. I was not interested in this francise until part 1 of Deathly Hallows released and I thought it an obligation to see the previous entries before watching the movie. I still don't like the sorcerers stone but the prisoner of azakaban peeked my interest enough to see how much better the novels were and I am so glad I did. Order of the Phoenix is a stellar achievement in any genre and this is coming from a man who avoids fantasy titles most always because I feel it would be betraying my science fiction fandom. Crazy I know but just goes to show how good this book is. No spoilers but High inquisitor Delorous Umbrige is a villain you cannot help but hate and Luna Lovegood is a personal favorite because she is so weird and Jim Dale's choice of voice for her is strange but oddly adds to her mystique. In short while not wanting to ramble too long I'll simply say for those who love Fantasy and others who do not this is a work for all who want to enjoy the majesty of the fantasy genre.
 Came in great condition.
 Love this book and love the series, I had already owned this book but time has made it look bad so I wanted a new one
 Good sale.  My daughters favorite!
 He does an excellent job with the voices!
 Love it!
 My son asked me for this book for Christmas. He enjoyed reading the series when he was younger and he now feels that his son is ready to have this read to him and the illustrations and hard cover will keep this copy around for many years to come!! I can't wait to hear what my grandson says about the story and he and his Dad start reading the book together!! This delivery was delayed due to sell out.. but arrived in great shape only about 2 weeks later than planned!!
 My daughter loves this book. Its on of her favorite. When she wanted the book I had to order it for her.
 This has been one of my favorite books my whole life. My grandparents in England gave me "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" when I was about 7 years old, and I have been a fan of the Harry Potter series ever since. It brings me great joy for the colorful world of Harry Potter to be brought to life in this colorful, illustrated edition. I was impressed with the quality of the illustrations, the binding, and the overall look and feel of this book.
 I love the Harry Potter books; the Sorcerer's Stone introduces us to a young orphan who finds love, friendship and happiness among strangers.  JK Rowling is truly a great writer.
 So much attractive than movie!
 Looks good have not lessened to it yet
 Of course it's a great book and I wanted another copy so I wouldn't have to read my first edition, since I decided to re-read the books and this one was no longer available in our public library (all of the copies had been stolen).  This copy is very clean, nice, and arrived quickly.  The shipper / seller is highly recommended.
 This was just one of 7 books that I found completely irresistible once I had started to read them. I am very happy to report that it reached my expectations to the utmost. :)
 I read these books when they first came out now my daughter is reading them.  She loves reading the books...
 I read these books when they first came out now my daughter is reading them.  She loves reading the books...
 This is the third book in the Harry Potter Series.  It's a good read for all ages!
 Great book, my granddaughter loved it!
 I was very happy with the care taken to get the book to me in great condition for a used book.it was packed with great care.
 J.K. Rowling's fifth installment is very well written - As usual, Jim Dale does another fine job of portraying the characters all within this book.  This story is sadder and darker than any of J.K. Rowling's previous Harry Potter books - and is a much better story than the Hollywood movie.<br/><br/>I recommend the entire series. Because they are expensive, piece the audio books in over time. Every so often, my wife and I start at book one and continue through book seven. If you enjoy wonderfully read fantasy, you will not be disappointed.
 Absolutely stunning! Jim Kay's illustrations perfectly capture the dark whimsy of HP3. The book arrived on time and in pristine condition. I had resisted the illustrated editions until this book came out and I glimpsed the beautiful pictures of the hippogriffs, the werewolf, and Harry casting his patronus. I'm a sucker for gorgeous books and anything Harry Potter, so this combined my two greatest weaknesses...I will definitely be collecting them all now.  I would highly recommend this to any Potterhead and I think it would make a wonderful gift!
 I was very pleased with the condition of this book when it arrived. It was in even better shape than what I had expected from it's description!
 Excellent quality and fast delivery !
 Beautiful! For all potterhead fellows out there, the illustrations are far more like the book descriptions than movies could possibly be. Ron and Snape are my favs! I'm already waiting excitedly for the next ones. Worth each penny. It's a great gift for kids who are starting to read chapter books, once the font is big and the page text is divided in two columns. With that, plus the beautiful illustrations, I can see any kid engaged and determinated to finish it. Will definitely save it to read with my kids!
 My 10 year loved this series!  Great book and series!
 A masterpiece of creativity
 I love this book but j.k.r should have let snuggles or Sirius live, he was one of my favorite people!!!😭😭😭 I seriously cried when I read the book and saw the movie and he died!!
 These are wonderful books!
 Always a good read
 This book was amazing came at the time expected amazing series and this book and its condition were outstanding you must read this series the movies can't even scratch the depth at which the books peer into the world of Harry Potter.
 The magical world is on edge.  A known murderer is on the loose and is after the "boy who lived."<br/><br/>Harry Potter and The Prisoner of Azkaban is the third book in one of modern literature's most successful series.  It is also the only book in the series to not feature Lord Voldemort as it's predominate antagonist. Despite this, the story's significance in the series is that it establishes a bit of protagonist's family history and Harry's need to know more about his own origin.
 Beautiful pictures
 Excellent condition for a used book
 In great condition
 When my paperback edition of this novel begin to wear I thought it wise to purchase a hardcover version. So glad I did!
 Great book.  Came quickly so my son could keep up with summer reading.
 it was a life changing experience
 A good gift for the Harry Potter fan. Nice Books!
 he all ways goes on adventures in the books. gets out of trouble always with the help of his friends.
 The series is brilliant
 Great condition. Almost no shelfwear (just a little on the corner). Arrived on the earliest estimated day. I was so pleased. And for the price, I'm more than impressed.
 I was somewhat skeptical at first but when I receiver it, boy was I blown away!!! The sheer size and quality was an immediate "WOW!". It's large and has amazing art throughout the pages. It even has a built-in bookmark--perfect for reading to children. It's great for sparking imagination while reading to them. I love this and I can't wait for each and every one.
 great books Jim dale is fantastic
 Its a good book
 Awesome
 Very intriguing book, carrying both mystery and action throughout, keeping the reader inclined to read on and find out what happens next.
 Book is in great condition!!!
 5 stars.  It goes without question
 The book is flaweless, it has so many amazing pictures!
 I am 25, but never read any of the books or saw any of the movies until this year, so now I'm binge-reading/watching the whole series. There were some parts that really seemed to drag and all of Hermione's drama was super annoying. Overall though, this has been my favorite book of the series so far (though I'm only a quarter of the way through book 5 right now). Definitely worth the read. So far none of the movies have been any substitute for reading the books.
 This was an amazing book. It was lovely. so interesting!<br/> It felt as if I where in the book! it was fascinating thanks!<br/>  this is Melissa's daughter
 what a treat to order a special edition book. the price was great, it arrived earlier than expected and was a great quality - wonderful purchase for Harry Potter enthusiasts
 I am apart of the generation that grew up reading the Harry Potter books. You know that series you where just dying for the next one to come out well this was that series for me! But the funny thing is that I do not own a single edition of any of the series but when I heard that they where coming out with an illustrated edition I couldn't help but preorder. BOY was I not disappointed! This is the most beautiful edition of this series that I have ever seen and am so excited to share both the illustrations and story with my two children. I will continue to collect these editions and share them!
 The illustrations are absolutely beautiful and true to the original book.
 Books arrived within the frame of time (about 2 weeks). Condition was fair, but not as good as promised. Generally, you get what you pay for, and since it's a book (and as long as it's not falling apart it's OK), I will come again for more purchases.
 Well made
 Great for reading to a small child.  I enjoy the story and they stay interested because of the amazing pictures!
 Beautiful illustrations and a must have for all Harry Potter fans.
 While still love the book, was highly disappointed in this product.  Previews and walkthroughs seem to have suggested that there would be a lot more illustration than what was seen.  The illustrations were all the chapter titles and a few at the end of the book from what I found and there was no motion from what I can see.  As I said it seemed like there would be a lot more than what there was so it was very disappointing.
 all that!
 Fantastic book!  I can't believe I waited so long to read it! Don't make the same mistake as I did!
 PERFECT!
 This book it amazing!  I loved it and I'm 23.  I am going to read it to my 8th graders.  I can't imagine them liking it any less!
 LOVE LOVE LOVE
 Satisfied with purchase and shipping
 This book is ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS!! If you are a Harry Potter fan, I don't care how many times you've read the books or watched the movies, you NEED this book! The illustrations in this book are amazing and make you feel like you are apart of the stories. I love all the Harry Potter books but this one is now my favorite and I have already pre-ordered the next one because I loved this one so much! With the pictures I have even gotten my 9 &amp; 12 year old reading this series with me!
 This is an excellant companion to the rest of your Harry Potter series. It is very neat to compare the differances of the American: <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Harry-Potter-And-The-Sorcerer-s-Stone/dp/B002K2DUK8">Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone</a> and the UK's : <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Harry-Potter-and-the-Philosopher-s-Stone-Book-1/dp/0747554560">Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (Book 1)</a> .
 A charming story by a talented world-builder.
 Great product!  Fast delivery!
 Probably the best book of the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is an amazing read that will have you laughing, crying and on the edge of your seat. JK Rowling has a unique writing style that keeps you enthralled from beginning to end—I literally can't put these books down! Just as good reading it the 10th time as the first, you won't regret taking this magical trip with Harry and his friends through the trials and tribulations they go through at Hogwarts!
 Beautiful illustrations to one of my favorite stories. My 4 year old daughter and I are reading it together.
 This is the story of a young boy wizard . His school and all the trials and challenges<br/>that he goes through.
 Beautiful, lovely way to re-read the novel.
 This book is amazing.
 great
 I loved this book. Jk Rowling is so creative and so detailed in her writing. I was never able to put it down due to its constant adventure and never ending thrill.
 One amazing story!
 Beautiful book!
 We love this book! My daughter and I share a love for the series so I was excited when this book was announced. Now I could share my love of Harry Potter with my 5 year old. He loves it! We read it aloud before bed and he loves the pictures. It is richly illustrated and has beautiful pictures. He has even been able to follow the story, which I wasn't sure he could. I highly recommend this for little Harry Potter fan. It definitely has helped spark his love of learning to read.
 LOVE HARRY'S BOOKS
 Gift for my daughter
 Just wonderful illustrations in this book - I had read the story before but this just made it come alive.
 Hands down the one I looked forward to the most in the series. Could not stop put it down! The rest will be epic!
 Came in good condition. Gave it to my 7 year old cousin to read who is already half way done with it.
 Very high quality.  This is a must have if you are a Harry Potter fan.
 Absolutely beautiful book.
 I had already read and loved all of the Potter books but I was missing this one.  I now have the complete set and will probably reread them.
 These are great books one of my absolute favorite series! They are so captivating, these books are for any age! I would recommend reading the books before seeing the movies of course you get more out of it! J.K. Rowling is so clever the books is very original and well thought out. Over the series you really get to know the characters and she does a great job keeping you interested in the books!
 These are great books one of my absolute favorite series! They are so captivating, these books are for any age! I would recommend reading the books before seeing the movies of course you get more out of it! J.K. Rowling is so clever the books is very original and well thought out. Over the series you really get to know the characters and she does a great job keeping you interested in the books!
 I bought this book to continue my Spanish Education.  After I graduated high school, and went to college, I didn't want to let Spanish go, but I didn't need it for my College Degree.  So, I decided to continue improving my Spanish by reading.  Now, to be honest, I bought this book about 2 years ago, and have not yet finished the first chapter.  I just got a little lost in all of the new vocabulary.  But that is my inferior level of Spanish's fault, not the book's fault!
 Beautiful book!
 Terrific addition to the Harry Potter lover's library!
 HAD FOUND ALL OF THE BOOKS EXCEPT THIS ONE...........GREAT DELIVERY, BOOK IN VERY GOOD SHAPE, MY GRANDDAUGHTER WAS PLEASED.<br/>THANKS
 Beautiful cover art and feel for such a magical book!
 Absolutely beautiful book. I'm so happy with it.
 I'm having a blast reading the books for the first time. I'm a huge Potter fan but just started reading the books, they are so much better than the movies especially this one. This book is so different from the movie and in a good way!
 What can one say?  Rowlings continues with her wonderful story, keeping her characters constantly endearing.  The adventures continue and no matter what your age you will be caught up in the excitement and magic as  Harry learns more about his background, his strengths and his weaknesses.<br/><br/>If you have not read Harry Potter at all, then you must start with the first book and read all seven of them, you will be transported out of this world and into one that will bind you as magically as it has bound me
 Book/story is great, but the print/binding/feel of pages is horrible.  This is localized to the Amazon version of the book I think.  All other Harry Potter hardcovers I have the pages are much thicker.  The hardcover version of this book has flimsy pages that don't look like they'll stand up.  No book jacket.  I'm very disappointed.  I was unlike every other Harry Potter book I purchased from Amazon.  Quality is going downhill!
 No surprise on the book being excellent, but Jim Dale's performance in reading the story is captivating.  He adds voices, emotion, and excitement which make this far more enjoyable than watching the movie.
 Awesome
 I ordered the book for my 9 year old son and myself.  We have never read nor watched the Harry Potter series. We are loving book one and so glad I waited to share this reading experience with him.  We can't wait to finish book one and then we are onto the next!
 Given as a gift
 This book is gorgeous! I already love the Harry Potter series, but this edition just makes it so special. :)
 Good read
 My daughter loves this book and and the entire series really got her interested in reading. She told me that she prefers to read the books over watching the movies because they're more fun for her. I myself haven't read the book but from how my daughter couldn't stop talking about it she loves it!
 So beautifuly illustrated! I love reading it to my son and watching him enjoying the pictures!
 This book is a quick read for an adult but just as wonderfully fun and magical as it was when I read it as a child. I would recommend this series to anyone of any age who has somehow managed to miss the books until now.
 What a wonderful world J. K. Rowling weaves. So intricate are the people and places she writes about. I love Hogwarts and Hagrid professor Dumbledore and how magical he is, I also have a big crush on professor Snape. lol this book is such a great escape from the boring 9 to 5 world. I love living in my HP books and this book was just as good as the others and maybe a little more because Harry's growing up and I can relate to the feelings hes having. GOOD GOOD BOOK!!!
 Yes
 I ordered the first two for my sister, and Yes! The pictures are plentiful and stunning! Jim Kay employs a wide range of artistic styles and mediums to illustrate the books. On one page, the characters look cartoony- almost like caricatures. On the next, there will be a very realistic spread done in acrylic. Or a very fine pencil sketch. The unusual mash-up fits right in with the vision of a sort-of hodge-podge and strange Wizarding World. One can easily imagine that the illustrations have come from different books that Hermione has found, or perhaps a photo, or a sketch a curious classmate did.<br/><br/>However, I was deeply disappointed that J.K. Rowling and Jim Kay missed the opportunity to illustrate "Professor Snape's Potion Riddle"!!! The riddle- actually a logic puzzle, is broken down with all the clues in the text. It LOOKS like it can be solved. The characters even take a few sentences to figure-it out, so your eyes don't stray to the answer too quickly. Fans have TRIED to solve it themselves. But without a visual showing the relative sizes of the potion bottles, readers can only deduce down to between two bottles. Irritating!<br/><br/>All the main characters were given a full page portrait, or several... except for Hermione. She gets her own in the Chamber of Secrets though.<br/><br/>The way it was shipped was poor. Just thrown into a box without cling-wrap or even an extra layer of cardboard for protection. The embossed letters were scuffed and slightly flattened. Normally, I wouldn't care too much, but for a book edition where the main selling point is the *looks*, I was surprised that they didn't take more care in packaging it. I suggest perhaps directly ordering from J.K Rowling's website instead.
 I had the soft cover,  wanted the hard cover since I like to re-read them every year!
 So the book came really fast, which is good since I lost this one from the set. The sad thing, though, was opening the box and finding a mashed corner. Two books were tossed in the box and absolutely nothing in there with them. It looks more like the book got crunched in the upper left hand corner of the front before it was even in the box. I was dismayed but it's not enough to bother sending back a paperback. Just a bit disappointing.
 So glad I decided to read these books! Easy read and though the movies are wonderful books are way better!
 Loved it
 The art in this version of the book is incredible. A must for any young (or not so young) Potter fan.
 The last two tracks on each disc are bad.  They skip and jump and you can't listen to them.
 Great book!
 While I do wish a few more of the illustrations were animated or even a little more so in the ones that are, this book is simply amazing!<br/><br/>Having read Harry Potter as a child and through to my adult life and continuing on by sharing it with my son. This book brings to life the magic that is Harry Potter. Flipping from each page to the next and seeing the pictures move sends waves of joy over me!<br/>I have the physical illustrated copies and the original copies, this just completes the collection for me to have a moving version that makes me feel so much more like I'm in the World of Harry Potter.<br/>This is a just have for any Potterhead!!
 I have seen all of the HP movies and loved them, however I had not read the books.  My 18 year old son has been encouraging me to read the books since they first came out.  I finally got around to it and LOVE them!!  I like the movies but you must read the books if you have not.  Wish I would have read them before the movies came out.
 Beautiful pictures!!! Very well done!!!!
 The fourth book sets the stage for the inevitable return of Lord Voldermort and Harry's destiny to conquer him.
 all ok
 Beautiful book!
 "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"- audio -  was a gift for a family member but since I am a Potter fan, I decided to listen to it on the way to work.  A good way to relax when sitting on the Parkway!!  Morning and Evening - really helps past the time.
 I love this. It's the perfect gift for a Harry Potter fan
 Amazing book
 Good condition, as described, very fast delivery. Thanks.
 Yer a wizard =*)
 This was purchased as a gift for my son...for the third time.  He obviously loves this series!
 I have seen and read all the books and movies. Unless a movie is 7 hours there will always be scenes and particular items left out of movies in order to carry the movie along. But with the entire HP series I feel most of the heart is captured on screen. This particular book wasn't the most action packed or world shaking but it did its job in setting up the feeling of being alone and lost in order to mature young Harry for the next book and what happens to Dumbledore.
 Who says Harry Potter is just for kids? Many, many adults have read Harry books and loved them. I'm a self-proclaimed Harry addict! J.K. Rowling's books are pure enjoyment. They're easy to read, have great character development, and entertaining stories ... and, best of all, they keep getting better and better! I can't wait until the next one comes out.
 Entertaining. An easy read, but it's also out of my age group. I loved some of the description in the book and I think Rowling does this well. Harry Potter was a pretty well-developed character and he was believable. I think the plot could have been more developed. I'll most likely read the next book since I liked this one.
 Great
 These are great books one of my absolute favorite series! They are so captivating, these books are for any age! I would recommend reading the books before seeing the movies of course you get more out of it! J.K. Rowling is so clever the books is very original and well thought out. Over the series you really get to know the characters and she does a great job keeping you interested in the books!
 On time. Quality was as promised.
 I thought I had ordered the American version of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, but received the British version.  Since this was a replacement for a well loved copy, it was fun to read the book in it's original format.  The copy I received was in new condition, and arrived promptly.  Thanks!
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is book four in the Harry Potter series.  I consider it one of the best books.  Harry, Hermione and Ron are growing up and the adventure is becoming more intense.<br/><br/>For Kids?<br/><br/>This is a big debate in the Harry Potter world.  I have an 8 year old daughter who just finished reading this book.  Granted, she is an advanced reader - but she came away with a good grasp on the themes and story line.<br/><br/>Have fun reading this great book and feel free to share it with a friend (maybe even a young one!)
 This is an amazing book and if you like Fred and Gorge you should read this!
 Excellent!
 👌
 I replaced the original tapes as they have been played so much.<br/>Love this series for kids 8 plus as well as adults
 Jim Dale is the BEST voice for Harry Potter books.  No contest!
 What a great way to entertain your mind while you are driving!<br/><br/>It is especially wonderful to listen to a reader with an english accent read a book about english characters.  It makes the characters seem more real.  Enjoy this CD, I am sure after listening to it you will purchase all the other HP books on CD as I have!
 The book is beautiful and in great conditions. I was so excited when the book arrive it. Thanks a lot!
 I am so excited that I was able to get this book in time!
 Bought this book because I wanted the book with the original title for my collection. I already own HP and the Sorcerer's Stone. I also own a copy of Deathly Hallows with an upside down binding. Saving it for my kids to sell someday...
 Harry Potter and The Order of The Phoenix takes place in Harry's Fifth year at Hogwarts, where classes get<br/>harder and harder, with the Ordinary Wizarding Levels taking place at the end of the year. During the book, Harry helps The Order of<br/>The Phoenix, a rebellion, lead by Albus Dumbledore, to bring down Lord Voldemort. This book is about 800 pages. It is the best book in the series since the original one.
 I've always loved Harry Potter. I had the whole collection at some point but through a lot of moves and a mishap with storage they were eventually lost. So I am rebuilding my collection. The book is in decent condition. No markings. The only problem and the biggest problem... Is that the book reeks of cigarettes. I can't get rid of the smell. I thought it would air out eventually but it just won't go away. I absolutely hate cigarettes and now every time I pick it up it just stinks like crazy and even kinda makes the paper feel gross (I know it's odd but it's not clean).<br/><br/>I hate holding it because then my hands are gross with the smell. So disappointing.
 Gorgeous book that I am absolutely thrilled to have on my shelf, as an illustrator I was thoroughly impressed with the quality of the printing as well as the sheer volume of illustrations in this book. I did not expect this to be as fully and beautifully illustrated as it was, and everything was set up with a distinct regard to story flow and color theory. I hope they make more books in this manner, as my shelves would be full to bursting.
 A+++
 I am a die hard Harry Potter fan and have been collecting the various editions of the series for many years now, a love I have passed on to my now ten-year-old daughter. When I saw this illustrated edition, my initial impression was that it was going to be a graphic novel, but it has exceeded all my expectations as this is the entire first novel (not abridged) with illustrations. How wonderful! Imagine a new generation of young fans being introduced to this stellar series that made readers out of legions of young readers? The possibilities are heartening indeed.<br/><br/>The book is an over-sized hardcover with a lovely red satin ribbon page marker. The dimensions measure 10.9 x 9.7 x 1.2 inches. It is stated on one of the front pages that the paper is sourced from responsible sources. The book is then divided into seventeen chapters and each chapter is lushly illustrated with the beautiful illustrations of award-winning artist Jim Kay. The illustrations add a depth of aesthetic pleasure to the reading of this wonderful novel, and fans of Harry Potter will relish each illustration, big or small. There are full page depictions in sumptuous color, and smaller artistic depictions, as well as tiny accents that come together to tell this tale of the Boy Who Lived.<br/><br/>There's Hagrid, rendered in watercolor, zooming on his motorbike, on his way to deposit the infant Harry at Privet Drive. Harry's cramped quarters in the cupboard under the stairs is dark and musty as I imagined it, with spiders and an abandoned teddy inhabiting the small space. There's touches of humor to the illustrations (let's face it, the story is amazing but in this edition, the illustrations are the highlight) - here's young Dudley on one page, facing a gorilla on the other page , that looks remarkably like Dudley, "except it wasn't blond."<br/><br/>Diagon Alley is imagined in a creative manner with the buildings all assembled in a hodge-podge fashion, and in a chaotic, messy way, reflecting the wizards of many talents and persuasions that visit and do business there. Hogwarts Express is depicted in majestic fashion and quite took my breath away. This is a book that my daughter and I will peruse again and again and never tire of it.<br/><br/>Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall, and Snape get full-page treatments (I confess I would not have imagined McGonagall the way the artist depicted her). My one complaint? Hermione does not get much attention here, which annoyed us both as we are great fans of Ms. Granger. Oh well, they shall just have to remedy the situation and do much better in the next book :-) We for one, cannot wait!
 Loved this book!
 Great illustrations. Fun re reading this classic.
 Good book
 My wife has read this book 10 times and we have watched the DVD 25 times in the past year. That should tell you how great this story is.
 i bought this book a couple years back and it was absolutely amazing. i cannot tell you how great the plot was and its needless to say the writing was brilliant. just bought it for my best friend as a gift and she is simply in love with it! fantastic read, do yourself a favor and read this if you haven't (if you love the other hp books you'll adore this one)! get it! get it! GET IT!!
 The book actually came two days early!! How exciting is that? I love all the Harry Potter movies so I thought it was time for the book since Borders it's not delivering them over PR. Great condition, nice drawings!!! Can't wait to read it!! I'll be buying the second book soon.
 This is an excellent book, the first that ever got my attention as an adult.  JK Rowling is such a good writer.  But if you would like to save yourself over 700 pages, watch the movie.  It is close to the book.  Also, not sure why the artwork on all the books looks like it was drawn by a primary school student.
 This book is so beautiful! I read it as soon as it was delivered and I felt like it was the first time.  The illustrations greatly capture what reader's imaginations have in their mind. I hope they redo all the rest of the books in illustrated versions. This book is a must have for any Harry Potter fan, or even those reading this book for the first time.
 THE BEST BOOK IN THE SERIES!!! Harry Potter has us under a spell call "READETH THIS BOOK" The best spell EVER. This is such a great book. My cousin who is 8 years old says all the movies are better than the books, and he's only on book 3. And a kid who says the movies are better and he hasn't even read the BOOKS!!!! So far this is my favorite in the series. It's long, but it is so WORTH IT. This is an awesome book. The movies are ok.
 Perfect addition to introduce my 6 y.o. To HP.
 This has been a favorite book of mine and of two of my daughters for many years.  Our previous copy was falling apart because it was purchased in the year 2000 and had been read by all of us many times.  We are starting a new collection of the picture books as they come out.  The illustrations in this volume are beautiful, and really capture the spirit of the story and characters.  This will become a treasured family book among all of us.
 The best ever!!!
 Fantastic!
 Absolutely beautiful.
 Beautiful, elegant, fully illustrated version of Harry Potter &amp; The Sorcerer's Stone. I bought this book as a keepsake for my preschool aged daughter. We have been slowly reading through the chapters of the book at her bedtime. I hope this will remain a cherished memory for her and that I can pass the book onto her as she gets older. Right now it's a lovely bonding time for the two of us as I pass my love for Harry Potter down to her.
 Love it!
 Very good series to read for both kids and adults! I really enjoyed all the books but this one is my personal favorite
 As a long time Harry Potter fan, I love to collect all things having to do with the books.  This illustrated edition had few pictures than I anticipated, but it turns out to be just the right amount to compliment the story I love.  They leave enough to the imagination that the magic (no pun intended) is still there.  The illustrations are complimentary to the story instead of telling the story.  I love it!  My 5 year old also loves it, and I think that having a visualization of what we are reading now and then throughout the book helps to hold his interest.
 I liked, is in good condition,parece nuevo, a mi sobrina le encanto thank you !!!! por tener todos estos tipos de libros.
 Wonderful.  8 year old grandson loving it.
 If youre  Harry Potter fans like we are, an audiobook is great for long car trips.  We read the books so fast, an audiobook lets us pause and talk about whats going on in the story.  Now looking back we hear so many clues of things to come. You really get to appreciate JK Rowling's brilliance and see how things build up to the climatic last book
 It was great to read it again
 Absolutely stunning. I can't get over how beautiful this book is, not only on the outside, but the inside. It's a joy to get one every christmas to reread and relive the magic I grew up with. I have a box set of all the books but I couldn't help but get these illustrated versions as well. They add so much to the story! The artist is incredibly talented.<br/><br/>If you or someone you know is an avid Harry Potter fan, get him or her this! They will love you forever.
 This was a gift for my daughter.  It arrived in a timely manner, in good condition.  CDs play well and are a good story.  My daughter loves the set.
 Long but fascinating
 This book was definitely the best book I have ever read. I would recommend it to anyone of any age.
 Great books!
 As with all of the Harry Potter books, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, this book is a treasure.  I am so impressed with the skill of JK Rowlings writing, that it is a pleasure to be able to get her books and listen to them.<br/>You can't go wrong with purchasing any of the 7 books on CD.
 The artwork is just a gorgeous addition to a classic, well-loved story. It's a must have for any Harry Potter fan.
 Fantastic thank you
 Terrific introduction to the Harry Potterverse!
 It's Harry Potter.
 It was an awesome book! Couldn't put it down.
 Good writing is good no matter what
 Love all the Harry Potter audio books. Jim Dale does a great job. I listen to them all the time. Probably too much for a grown up... Worth every penny.
 This is one of the best series I have ever read! The ability to connect all the books together and to creat a whole is extraordinary!
 Meating my expectations splendidly!
 As described, fast shipping!
 I bought this book for my son.  He has to read for school and he chose the Harry Potter series, he's 11 yrs. old and loves these books better than the movies.
 Great book fast delivery
 Perfect. Gorgeous. Cannot wait for the rest of the series.
 My favorite so far
 Amazingly illustrated this is the FULL book with all text included.
 Much better than the movie
 Reading with my great grandson over the phone every night is a wonderful shared experience as we go to Hogwarts with Harry and his friends, his enemies and his mentors. The values of friendship, integrity and loyalty are taught by Rowling as we follow with fascination the challenges Harry Potter faces and how he finds solutions with the help of others.
 Great illustration for younger readers. Will enjoy I'm sure.
 LOVE THIS!
 I decided to reread this for the 20th anniversary, and also decided to read a UK-published version. It's a bit different, even more enjoyable than I remembered. I'd heard of the Philosopher's Stone in grade school, so I'd have had no difficulty with an unadapted version back in the day; I hope the others I've ordered aren't actually translations to American English also, because I intend to reread all the books and enjoy every word. I will try to encourage my younger relatives to read these to the grands as they grow up.
 This illustrated edition is fantastic. I can't say enough about how well put together this edition is. Any Potterhead would be thrilled with this book. The pages seem to come alive with the story and bring out details the movies didn't cover. It's a great way to involve kids that are still too young to read the series on their own in the story.
 Same for this book as two others. Just what I needed to find for gifts. Thanks for always getting the job done with what I need.
 Love this book so much. Definetly better than the movies. If you're a harry potter fan, start reading this books!
 the books were on time, on perfect shape and where brought in a box to protect them. My best purchase so far
 It arrived in excellent condition and quickly. This item has been a great help with my Harry Potter Reading Club. It has a lot of great ideas and activities. I highly recommend it.
 Perfect
 Great condition daughter loved it!
 As always an excellent story from the mind of Me. Rowling.  Highly suggested for any interested in an entertaining tail.
 Love this book. Matches my set perfect
 Like millions of other people i was a huge fan of the Harry potter movies. it took me a long time to read the books but i am very sorry i waited. to say the movie is based on this book is crazy. The detail in the book is second to none and how she has built the relationships is simply amazing. please do your self a favor and read this book if you are  a fan of the movies. Its an epic world that the movie only dips into a little bit. You will not be upset i promise.
 This book is a really good book but also it has a few bad words so before your kid reads this book i would take  some bad words out maybe with a sharpie marker or something otherwise its a terrific book
 I love this book, classic!
 WOWIE! ZOWIE! 27 hours of Harry Potter on CD. You can drive halfway across the country--or fly from Chicago to Pittsburgh--while listening to it! Great listening, terrific production. Don't leave home without it!
 
 A gift for my Granddaughter.
 So beautiful and a joy to read together with my daughter (8).  Would love to see an illustrated version of each book!
 Good book to always have on the shelf.
 Looks exactly like new even though I bought a used one. I love this book because its great for kids....
 Item delivered on time, was as described and was properly updated.
 Our first copy of the book got damaged, so this is a replacement. Love the Harry Potter series, like so many other fans. These are well written stories that can entertain all ages. We got this to begin our grandson on the books. He is loving it now, too. This is a paperback version, which is not quite as nice as the hard cover editions that we have of many of the later ones from the series, but it is good quality all the same.
 I absolutely love this book. I love them all, I'm so happy I bought it =D I recommend it for EVERYONE
 Very beautiful and colorful
 love it
 Awesome
 i gotta say i am overly satisfied by the performance of stephen fry's narration.  I am an avid Harry Potter fan and love the series and guarantee you'll enjoy adding this piece to your collection.  great for that nice bed time story before falling asleep.
 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is personally my favorite book. It is beautifully written and I would recommend it to anyone who is willing to read it.
 Love Harry Potter ... happy with purchase!
 Item as described. No complaints. Very easy.
 Definitely brings back the magic and wonder as if I was reading the series for the first time! Beautiful Illustrations!
 Very good, successful purchase.
 Better than expected!
 Great book came nicely
 good thanks
 This is an awesome book. It's not too scary but it is a real page-turner. Harry potter books are great for 10year-olds, and up.J.k.Rowling really has a talent for writing. Once you start the series, you can't stop reading it!
 Great
 Awesome
 Although I have read the books many times, as a sewing crafter I spend hours at my sewing machine and thoroughly enjoy listening to books. The narrator of this series is fantastic!! You can take an excellent book and totally changed or corrupt the characters with a bad narrator, but that is not at all the case in this series. So if you've got too much to do to sit and read, take the time to listen. You will truly enjoy it!!  Kathy
 This book is just as good as the other books in the series or even better than the others in my opinion.
 Love all the books.
 Comments regarding the physical copy of the book, not the story:<br/><br/>I've got the other 3 books and they all came with dust covers, this one did not.  The worst part was we starting reading minutes after it arrived in the mail,  and to our dismay a large portion of the beginning was missing.  Pages 25 -35 are gone.  Having to return this book and will re-order or purchase in a store to ensure same issue isn't present.
 This is a great book, one of my favourites.  Only problem is that the type is suuuuper small, like 10 or something.  love the book, publisher, maybe not so much.
 Harry Potter is the easiest read, and so exciting. I couldn't put it down! I absolutely love them, even as an adult!!
 The book is great  you will love if you are a fan of awesome. this is the book where things finally start picking up and getslot more interesting.
 EXCELENTE
 Such a delightful tale. I can see why people are enamored by it. Magic, witches, dragons, evil doer's and even little dragons. Having seen the movies already, some of the book felt repetitive, but the books gave you so much more than the movie ever could. While the writing is juvenile for this middle aged woman, it was still a delightful and fun read. I hope I get my letter to Hogwart's soon, as I am officially a Potterhead.
 We of course have all the other books on CD but didn't have this one. Jim Dayle does such an amazing job reading these books so much so I have hard time just reading the books to myself or the kids. We all want to hear Jim Dayle do the voices. We have every book on CD and have listened to them on our 25 minute drive to and from school as well as long road trips. Best audio books ever!
 The book came fast and was a great surprise for my son who enjoyed it very much.
 prompt delivery, wonderful book
 Good book for relaxing. Can be read with or without completing the series. Would recommend to young and old alike.
 The shipping was fast, the cost was cheap, and the product was exactly as advertised. Highly recommended!
 Great book, great condition
 The Potter series are top notch.  Always a good read.  Enjoy these series of books since they are better than the movies overall.
 I've read this book so many times I needed to buy this book to replace the one that was falling apart. 5/5 stars for Rowling. This is the fourth installment of the Harry Potter series, which includes a lot of trying times and enemies disguised as friends. In this book, Harry is entered into the Triwizard Tournament despite the age restrictions, and spends the whole year trying to stay alive through the three tasks. Towards the end there is a terribly surprising plot twist that will shock the unwary reader right out of their seat. Will not bore you, that's for sure.
 Excellent book and very enjoyable to read. Wish there were more like it today. I recommend for all to read.
 Fast shipping.  Exactly as described
 Yes, my wife was thrilled with it!
 Harry meets Mooney, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs some of my favorite characters which I'm sure you'll love just as much.  Harry discovers and meets people from his parents past who were involved in their death.  Werewolves and magical maps are just some of the things that will captivate you.  My only question remains (same with every other wizard loving muggle) how did George and Fred never notice nor mention Wormtail?
 This was a gift for my great grandson.  He has enjoyed reading the book and knowing this is his book.
 Love it
 Stunning pictures that brought the story to life. I love this book and cannot wait until the rest of the collection comes out!
 Great
 Its just....gorgeous.
 I needed this book to complete my Harry Potter collection.  It will be there for me to re-read and for my kids to enjoy.  I am a believer in books....real books.  They can be read under the covers by flashlight with no batteries or electric connections.  They can be read on a camping trip or on a rainy day in a quiet corner....anywhere there is light and a reader with a little time to enjoy them.  Books are a delight to the soul.
 Great, exact book I needed
 Truly Magical  ⚯͛
 A HP fan',!
 Very appealing story, never a dull moment.
 This book is gorgeous! So much better than I had anticipated.
 I've read the Harry Potter series more than 10 time now, but I pick up new clues every time I read this book!
 Great audio book!
 Finally had time to read the whole series and borrowed the set from a friend and work. Of course, my dog ate/shreded one of the books. Fast delivery and in great condition! Highly Recommended
 It is a gift.  The recipient like it.
 Beautiful book. My granddaughter loved it.
 Loved it!
 I love all things Harry Potter!!!!
 This would be a repeat of my previous previews, so there is no point in writing it again and again.
 Love it a fun read.
 Rowling doesn't let down in this one. Another great book.
 is becoming a very rare book .
 The original feel kicked in toward the middle and I love how hagrid talks. One of the best books I have read in a long tim
 Beautiful illustrations, can't believe the price was so low, would have paid at least double for the quality.
 While listening to this book, I found Harry to be very easy to relate to.  In this book he is in a difficult position and his emotions are getting the best of him and I think we can all relate to that type of situation.  After my father died I read these books for the first time and I found a lot of comfort from them.
 granddaughter was happy with this gift
 Book #66 Read in 2016<br/>Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire by J.K. Rowling<br/><br/>This was a re-read for me.  This is my favorite book series of all time.  In this book, #4 in the series, Harry is entered into the Tri-Wizard competition which can be very dangerous to its participants.  Who is trying to get him hurt or killed?  This series is full of action, humor and mystery, with wonderfully written characters.
 great books
 It great
 This book arrived in perfect condition.  I already read this book, but needed to complete my hardback set.  It's a great reference book for children's writers, and of course eventually I will re-read the whole series.
 Will read it again. I can't believe I waited so long to read it the first time. I now love Harry Potter
 Illustrations
 Stunning doesn't begin to cover it. This book is BIG and BEAUTIFUL. It's much larger than I expected, very much a storybook. I am an avid Harry Potter fan and own around 60 copies of the books, this one outshines them all, by MILES. I love Mary GrandPré's renderings, but what Jim Kay has done here is, for lack of a better word, magical.<br/><br/>I have gone through this book about 10 times in the 24 hours I've owned it. It has made me smile, giggle, and a little teary. Jim Kay has cast a spell and the result is perfection.<br/><br/>If you are a Potter fan, buy this book. Today. You will NOT regret it.<br/><br/>If you have small children, buy this book. Today. It is a gorgeous way to introduce children to the series.<br/><br/>If you have never read Potter before, buy this book. Today. The story will draw you in, but these illustrations make it shine.<br/><br/>Buy this book. Today.<br/><br/>Also, Jim's dedication at the front of the book has charmed me and left me wanting to know more. &lt;3
 As good as the 1st two.  Bought this book for my son...started reading it out loud to him...not I am starting the 4th book.  Whoops!
 :)
 My 9 yr. old LOVES this book, worth every penny!  Beautiful
 It was the perfect birthday gift!! It came in excellent condition 😀
 Harry Potter is a book in which yoh start to root for all the characters,even the minor characters.  Amazing!! The writer writes in such detail that it sounds like she was there wih Harry and friends
 Got it the same day it was ordered. My granddaughter was extremely happy!!!
 Jim Dale is amazing. Consistent voices throughout the series.
 So, so, so beautiful.
 Received very quicky!  Much appreciated!!
 If you love the films, you will adore the books.Films are great, but books are for handing down to your children. As a parent, I have been fabulously fortunate to have my babies (now in their 30's) have the same reading and viewing (up to a point, after all they're girls) tastes. We buy each other books and videos, video games and systems as well. I am a lucky Dad.
 I am not a rabid fan of Harry Potter but I did enjoy the books. This edition is stunning, with fantastic illustrations covering almost every page in an extremely satisfying way. I really look forward to reading this edition to my kids. Definitely worth re-buying the book and I'll get the whole set if they publish them.<br/><br/>It's worth noting that Amazon's price is nearly 50% off which made this purchase a no-brainer.
 This is our second copy, we wore out the first. This time bought hardcover to last the ages. My daughter read this at 11 for the first time, she has read it at least dozen times since and took it to college with her. Called me crying when the original paperback fell apart in her hands as she was reading it. I replaced it with this one. Well worth every penny.
 Overall the story is quite good, even though I am reading Harry Potter for the first time in my mid 20's. I purchased the hardcover version of the book. The quality of the binding and cover seems ok, however I wish they were a little stronger.
 Best book out there!
 The book arrived in exactly the condition described in the listing, and within the 2 weeks of possible delivery, but came at nearly the end of that time. More recent purchases are also taking a long time to arrive, perhaps because I live 1000 miles from the vendor. If you order from them, you will likely get what you want in good order, but after a wait of up to 3 weeks.
 This is the first book in the Harry Potter series.  This is a good read for all ages!
 Amazing! Loved every page!
 Very clean copy of book.  Very satisfied!
 Reading this book over again just made me realize why I fell in love with this series. I can't wait to read the next book in the series now!
 I'm happy with my purchases.
 IS A VERY GOOD BOOK.THANK YOU TO AMAZON.COM FOR HELPING ME GET THE GOBLET OF FIRE BOOK THAT WASN'T IN PUERTO RICO,GIVIN ME A BOOK IN GREAT CONDITIONS AND FOR A GREAT SERVICE.I'M POSITIVE THAT FROM NOW ON,IF I NEED SOMETHING THAT IS NOT IN PUERTO RICO,AMAZON.COM IS MY FIRST CHOICE!
 I think this book is great because it takes you into a world of mystery and magic. I even pretend I'm in it! (child 9yr old)
 I have been reading this book to my 7 year old daughter every night and I have never seen her this excited about reading during bed time. This is a big book so we only have been reading half a chapter a night. Although I must admit if it was up to her, we'd be reading a couple of chapters a night. The illustration in this book is so engaging. I also have never read the book so this ended up being a treat for me too.
 Incredible. Worth every penny.
 Totally enjoyed this book. Great imagination and creativity in her writing.
 Way better then the movies
 As a child I never got to read any of the Harry Potter books. I am now 20 and this story was so great to read.
 My daughter loves it! It arrived exactly when it was supposed to also.
 Beautiful book! My daughter and I love the illustrations!
 My wife and I have read this book 14 times in the past year. It is a great story and the Harry Potter series is the best.
 My kid enjoys reading this series...its convenient to have it on ebooks!!
 I love the Harry Potter series and I love this book. Nearly everyone knows the story of the Boy under the cupboard, and this is the fifth book in the series. Harry is preparing for his first bout of standardized testing that determines the course of his career, or at least the classes that will finish out his schooling. The return of Lord Voldemort hovers over Harry as the overbearing Ministry of Magic publicly slanders our hero. Harry must face not only the painful reminders of his foes' growing strength as well as the formidable and cutesy Dolores Umbridge.
 Great condition thanks
 Accurate product and quick delivery
 This is the best edition of Potter EVER produced. .  . . pictures are GREAT but this edition is approx 11 x 10. .. .and a great source to be able to read to your younger HP fans and pictures to show them what the word are saying.  I collect books, and have all of the American editions, the UK editions and the special editions, but this is by far the best. I can not wait until CoS is released. . ..very very nice.
 I love these series :) This is a great book as the others are as well. This was the only book that was missing from my collection so I am happy
 Five stars of course! Such a magical series, I have enjoyed Harry Potter and his friends so much so far in the series! He and his friends are very brave and witty.<br/><br/>One thing though, from watching the movies, I liked Severus, even though he was insufferable, I still liked him. He seems far far worse in the books and I'm finding myself not liking him very much!<br/><br/>Any hoot, fantastical book!
 Way better than the movie!
 I like this book so much!!! Well, the truth is I like all the books. Now I what a big black dog and name him Siris!
 One of the best books I have ever read! Interesting, Unpredictable and detailed.
 Great book!! I loved the further development of the story and characters!
 I've only read the Harry Potter series about six times through over the years and loved it every time.
 See under "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince".
 Beautiful book!
 pA-DAH! Finally, a cleanly written, simple prose novel with all the characteristics of a true adventure. We have tragedy, excitement, a hint of romance, in other words -- a well balanced piece. Obviously, it was written for the movies, and thus, it lacks solid character foundations.<br/>We will have to 'see' the characters through film or other dramatic media.
 Perfect edition
 My favorite book thus far in the series.
 Was a present for my grandchild,and she liked it! ( I did too,when I read it,when it first came out!
 The book has rich color illustrations, offering the story a whole other dimension and depth.
 Just the thing for us oldies who are wondering what all the fuss is about!
 I enjoyed all the Harry Potter books.  It never ended.  It just kept going on and on.  Keep up the great writing.
 Came in great condition, same height as older Scholastic editions of the other books, so it looks nice on the shelf. Nice binding and beautiful cover art. Worth buying, great gift.
 LOVED it
 When this product was delivered there was a large, clean rip in the jacket and on the spine of the book. Love the book but came damaged.
 I was so happy when I got this book it was the only one I needed and the condition of the book is amazing!!!
 All of the Harry Potter books are four out of five stars for me.  They are very well-written books with elements of drama, suspense, action, mild horror, and tiny bits of humor here and their.  The books are a bit too long to be 100% to my liking, but I definitely like them a lot.  I know this might not be the most popular opinion, but I like the Harry Potter movies slightly more than I like the books.  While it's true that I don't exactly like the amount of parts of the books that were taken out in the move, that is indeed something that usually has to be done when making a movie based a lengthy novel.  What I like better about the movies is that they are shorter and therefore somewhat easier to follow.  I would recommend the Harry Potter books to just about anyone who is willing to read longer chapter books that are dramatic, suspenseful, and moderately scary.
 These books are all outstanding.
 This is great. I like the illustrations. It has enough illustrations that your kids who are familiar with the story (but maybe not old enough to read it on their own) can flip through and know what's going on. My one complaint is how every page has blotches and other colors on it to give the page texture or make it look like an older manuscript. I wish they'd just print the words and leave the background alone.
 Always love the HP series!!<br/>It fills the imagination wonder and excitement! If you don't like reading I guarantee this will get you hooked!
 One of the best books I've ever read, without a doubt. The writing is genius and the characters unique to the story.
 The book was in surprisingly good shape. I did not expect that since I only paid $4.oo for it. I was pleased with my purchase.
 This book is fantastic for any Harry Potter fan - I can imagine myself reading this book aloud to future children, and have already stopped to enjoy the illustrations several times. The book is well sized for the illustrations and is printed beautifully. I can't wait for the rest of the books to come out with illustrations - we collect various editions and printings of the Harry Potter books and can't wait to have the full set.
 So good!
 The entire Harry Potter series is addictive.  Can't help but reread the entire series every year or two.  Many life lessons learned with Harry Potter!
 Illustrations are amazing!!
 Great book I love them I've read them a few times each and watched the movies tons as well
 Great book
 It came a little late, but the book was in great condition! I am excited to start my collection! Also if you have never read the Harry Potter series, this is the first book and it is a great fantasy book. It is about an 11 year old boy who finds out he's a wizard, and he goes to a wizarding school called Hogwarts. He meets friends and learns about the wizarding world and finds out how his parents died. It is a great read!
 This is the first time we've read the series (I know, I know, we must be the last remaining people who have not read them).  My 5-year-old and I both love the book!  The illustrations are fantastic!  It's nice to have never seen the movies and to just have these images as our first interpretation of the delightful events and story.  Fantastic book!  I'm really looking forward to getting the next one in October.  Bummed that we have to wait so long to get each book, but it will be a treasure to keep for sure.
 What can one say? A fantastic book with amazing illustrations and a nice sewn-in satin ribbon bookmark. After reading all of the US novels, I loved reading this British version. If you are reading this series with smaller children, this edition is a great way to get started. The illustrations will be great conversation starters. I will definitely be buying the entire series in these fully illustrated editions.
 My husband and I are listening the books together.  We both enjoy them.  This book is so much fun to listen to.  It is definitely more suspenseful and exciting throughout the entire book than the first three.  I highly recommend this book and the entire series.  These books are a great escape.
 Beautiful illustrations to an amazing book.
 Awesome presentation I can't wait to read it to my son.
 Excellent story of Good triumphing over Evil.  A demonstration of good values, friendship, courage, loyalty and the value of family.  It just gets better with each book.
 PoA baby!
 I am obsessed with these Audiobooks. Jim Dale is so great to listen to and he really makes the stories come alive with all of the voices he uses for the different characters. I purchased the cassette tape version of the books (I still have a walkman!), and the quality is great for how outdated that technology is. I have never had an issue with any of the tapes in the 1+ years I have been listening to them.
 Great, thank you!
 It's a good book....The first one i bought had a cut right down the middle of the cover - but amazon sent me a new one at no charge...so its even better now :)
 This was where J.K. started writing for everyone instead of just kids. This one is way darker than the last two. The plot has a ton of twist and turns that are so fun to experience. As always the best strengths come from characters. Harry and company are such a pleasure to be around.
 Technology has created somewhat of a void with regard to a child holding a book and reading it. In order to accomplish this I decided that rather than giving a gift card to a toy store a well known book such as Harry Potter and particularly the Sorcerer's Stone would be the best present. This particular book, hard cover, filled with great pictures and an exciting story proved to be the right choice for my grandson. From the moment he received this Rowling book he was attached to it all the time. Signing in the inside cover also personalized this special gift and I would hope it remains with him forever until he passes it on to his children. its an outstanding book and represents Rowling at her best in addition to the publishers presentation for retail book selling. its packaged beautifully in a quality and vibrant picture sleeve that carries the quality from cover to cover. Definitely would make a memorable gift for any occasion and sign the inside cover to personalize.
 This is an amazing book! The item arrived in perfect condition, no defects or bending. The book itself is incredible. The illustrations are perfectly created, and aren't based off of the movie characters in the slightest. This takes an already incredible book, and adds an additional level of immersion for the reader. As an avid Harry Potter fan, I plan to read this on my own, and in the future to my children one day.
 Rich story,  wonderful world
 Simply amazing.<br/>Doesn t matter your age !
 I just wish I knew where to find more Spanish audio books like this.  It was better than I expected.
 Loved it!
 It was amazing Everone should read it
 I don't typically write reviews for products, but this book is just so much better than I expected, and I had high expectations. The artwork is breathtaking and the quality of the printing is amazing. There are significantly more illustrations than I expected, some taking up full pages while others are included on pages with text.  This book is the perfect way to introduce new readers to the series.  I cannot wait to share it with my six year old.
 J.K. Rowlings never lets her readers down Harry's quest to be happy stays alive in this book. Also, he gets to meet the only family he has left which makes Harry very Happy at the end of this sequel!!!!
 My wife is a Harry Potter nut. She already has the hardcover and paperback versions of all the books, but when I saw this was being released, I knew I had to get it for her for Christmas. Like I said, I'm not into Harry Potter, but this book is beautiful! It is a nice, heavy, well put together book. The illustrations are so crisp and eye catching. If you are a Harry Potter fan, or love someone who is, you must buy this book!
 Love this book soo much!!
 classic
 &lt;3
 The Best
 i love harry potter, this books great. the only problem is i havent recieved it yet, due to We Ship Daily taking forever to get my product to me
 I was so happy to learn I could buy these in French, I went ahead and bought the entire Harry Potter set so that I could practice learning prior to the start of the semester (I guess I'm a Hermione in that regard).<br/><br/>It has already helped me pick up on the syntax and grammar. Paired with two French-learning apps and my French textbook, I think I have the next three semesters of French in the bag!
 I received this book yesterday. The illustrations in the book are very nice. The cover is nice with embossed lettering. The quality of the book binding however has much to be desired. As soon as I opened the book to the first page, I noticed that the binding of the book was torn away from the pages. This is similar to another reviewer's experience I believe. See pictures of all the problems with the book.
 Our grandson requested this book and is reading it. For a kid that really did not enjoy spelling, I can't think of a better way to get him past that. His spelling is school is much improved.
 It was excellent. Both my son and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 I have so enjoyed reading this again and again. I have enjoyed in both the. UK and the US versions.
 This Harry Potter sequel is a quick read
 This is the fourth book in the Harry Potter series. The story is one of my favorites. What happens is Harry Potter, a 14-year-old wizard, attends Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry for his Fourth Year. Two foreign Wizarding schools come to Hogwarts: Beuxbatons and Durmstrang. The Tri-wizard Tournament, a ''test'' to see if you are truly a brave and determined wizard, is to take place that year. Harry's name is mysteriously put in the Goblet Of Fire and he has to take part in the tournament's three tasks. Many of these tasks are very intense. The first task is where Harry has to defeat a Hungarian Horntail dragon. In the second task, however, Harry must go underwater and recover what the merpeople of the Black Lake had taken from him. Finally, in the third and final task, Harry has to go through a maze and solve riddles with a sphinx, etc.  The action is very intense. Overall, I loved this book! (:
 A great book, not quite as great as the Prisoner of Azkaban mind you but, very  exciting and enjoyable all the same. Also, much better than the movie as it is with the whole series of Harry Potter books. The movies leave out so much that you can only get from the book:)<br/>  - A werewolf prof.
 As I was listening to the book, there were a few scratches on the disk that caused the story not to flow.  Thanks though.  It is a great listen
 love harrypotter!
 This is the second time I've read this book, and knowing the end to the series, I was amazed at all the seeds J.K. Rowling wisely planted. I know the series starts out mainly as YA, but the themes of abuse and hope can be deeply appreciated at an adult level. While Rowling takes your hand and begins to introduce you to the Magical World, it can feel a bit slow, but maybe that's because I'm already so familiar with it. I zoomed right through the book, wanting more (and also to watch the movie again).<br/><br/>I would say that as a lover of this world and series, this book may seem a bit slow at times, but seeing as it sets the ground work for the series, it's just right.
 I, unfortunately, bought this as a gift for my niece. I say unfortunately because I wanted it the second I held this fantastic specimen in my clammy hands. I secretly kept it on my bookshelf, thinking I could pass off a used candle as an appropriate gift for a 5 year old, saying it was a 'hold over' until the book came in. Fast forward to my sister finding the book on display in my apartment and queue my quiet sobs as she left with it tucked under her undeserving, cold, muggle-arm.<br/><br/>Beautifully done and holds enough magic to successfully rid your wardrobe of a boggart. JK, the boggart is still my sister with MY book clutched in her hands and I can't get rid of it. BRB, crying. Thanks a lot, niece.
 Duh
 I was surprised to get this book so quickly and such good shape.  I ordered it this time so I could see how she did dialogue. After I looked at 2 pages I was hooked again. Too bad I gave my whole brand new series away. Ha.
 This wasn't my favorite of the books thus far. (I'm reading the series for the first time as an adult.) Call me crazy, but I was just waiting to get through the Goblet of Fire events. I didn't care about them at all. I cared most about what was going on with Voldemort, and the culmination of that part of the narrative in this book is given far too little treatment, especially in comparison to the competition. Maybe I'll be happier with the later books that are supposed to be darker. So far, the third book has been my favorite. It was much more suspenseful.
 the best gift for harry potter fans
 Favorite book out of the Harry Potter series :)
 As a huge Harry Potter fan, I find this book to be an improvement over the last two with the introduction of Professor Lupine. His relationship with Harry demonstrates the growth of Harry as he moves toward his final destiny.  The combining of the three situations, Hagrid and Buckbeek, Lupine, and Sirius Black, indicates a change in the complexity of Rowling's writing.  It was time that she gave her readers another insight into Harry's past and with that, a glimpse of his future relationships beyond Ron and Hermione.She is improving as a writer with this book.
 Finally got to jump on the Harry Potter bandwagon. Love this book! Looking forward to the rest of the series!
 The illustrations in this book are gorgeous. I have been a Harry Potter fan for a long time and I absolutely LOVE this book.  It is truly a masterpiece with every page turn.  The story itself is timeless and will be read and re-read by myself and my family for years to come. Definitely worth paying the additional cost for the illustrated version if you are a fan or have younger children who love the story.  It is a surprisingly large book.
 Recomendado!!! Muy buena calidad y rapido envío
 ok
 Awesome !!! Still my favorite Book in the series :) Sirius is one of my favorite characters among the many !!!
 A+
 I chose this rating because I was unhappy with my purchase.  The seller portrayed this book as shown..with dust jacket and in like new condition.  It arrived without the dusk jacket, and had staining on the cover.  I contacted the seller about this, and she basically told me that I should be happy I got it for so cheap, and that she doesn't make much money selling on Amazon due to all of the fees.  I read a few bad reviews like this of the sellers prior to buying, but still went through with it.  I guess I learned my lesson and vow to heed any negative feedback in the future.  If my daughter hadn't wanted the book so badly, and it wasn't such a bargain, I would thought it through better.  I just wish it had been portrayed properly.  Do not recommend.
 So well done, I broked down and got the rest of the audio books.  What a wonderful treasure for long trips and just sitting back and enjoying the magic.  Some great tidbits that weren't covered in the movie, it still conjures of many of the wonderful images from the movie.  I have listened to all of them twice since I bought this first one.
 Wow, what an awesome book!!! I can't believe I finished it in only two days!!!! This book is so cool!!!!!!!
 The book is so beautiful. The illustrations are amazing and stunning. So happy that I bought it! 😄<br/>But I am very disappointed that there was damage while it was shipped. Amazon shipped it with a heavy container of detergent pods and the book wasn't securely wrapped. My husband convinced me that the damage to the spine wasn't bad enough to warrant returning it, but I am very disappointed that it was yes protected better. I am a bit of a perfectionist and like to take care of my things. So, naturally it bugs me when I see it.
 So much happened in this book it made the movie feel short even at two-and-a-half hours
 The almost best book is this book. If u r looking for a book this is the book u should get.
 Beautiful book! I'm so excited that an illustrated version of the Harry Potter books are in the making! The artwork is just amazing and so lively and colorful. It brings a whole new atmosphere and feeling to the book. I've yet to look at all the illustrations while reading, but I'm excited to begin.<br/>I believe this set is a must have for any Harry Potter fan's bookcase! Don't hesitate, just get it!
 GORGEOUS art on practically every page. People don't believe me when I said it's a full illustrated book and not just a picture per chapter. Bought as a gift for family that's reading the first  Harry Potter to her step daughter (6yo) and hope the illustrations will make it that much more fun. It's a big, heavy book, so not one you hold up and read, but maybe in your lap in bed to read sort of book.
 I felt that Harry Potter #4 was the best in the series so far!!  The Harry Potter series are the best books and without them I would not have not such a strong interest in reading so many books book!!  Harry Potter is really good and it may seem long but you get so into the book that you finish like that(I'm not joking).
 Great book
 I love this book
 My favorite harry potter version.
 Awesome!!!!!!
 Great book.
 Beautiful book, a keepsake
 This is probably the 6th time I have read this book. It is my favorite. The characters are wonderfully developed by J.K. Rowling. She fills them out and makes them real. I don't care if you are six or 106, you will certainly enjoy your entry into Harry Potter's world and want to return over and over again. Happy reading and safe travels.
 I thought is was very good story and the new way<br/>she writes in these new characters to fit in the<br/>plot.
 Ok, so I'm a Harry Potter nut and have collected all seven hardcover books.  The first, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, will hook you and send you and your children and grandchildren on a wonderful journey.  I shopped Amazon used books and found books in wonderful condition and inexpensively too.
 Always
 I read some of the reviews about this book and still feel it was a good book.  I wouldn't have noticed the use of ellipsis had it not been for other reviews.  Also, I actually enjoyed the pages devoted to talking about house cleaning and other trivialties.  The point of this kind of literature is to suck you into the world, not just create a thesis.  Being a little sidetracked was nice.  It is, after all, written for adolescents and not for adults.  I realize some will find it tedious but I personally didn't.
 The book was even better in person that what I imagined. Definitely worth a 5 star review.
 Being a college student reading criminal law and psychology books most of the time. It was nice to read something like this for entertainment. I found myself wanting to read more and more. Was a quick read and have since read the 2nd and starting on the 3rd book.
 Awesome Sauce!!!!!
 Awesome Sauce!!!!!
 Harry Potter is now in his fourth year at Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry, but this year he will find that he gets more than he bargained for as he finds himself signed up for a contest between different European schools of magic, that involves magical skill prowess, and that was supposed to have an age limit but someone apparently felt that Harry should be in on the 'fun'.  In this fourth installment of the Potter series Rowling's writing is even more addicting and has matured a bit compared with the first three Potter books.<br/><br/>Following Harry through the tasks of the Tri-Wizard Tournament, and Ron and Hermione's developing new relationship was a delightful task.  Wondering what was going to happen next with the rise of Voldemort, and thinking about what it would be like to run into the strange professor Moody on a busy sidewalk in Texas made this book one that was hard to put down;  it' one of my favorite in the series thus far.  I must say I am glad that I am reading this series now rather than when it was popular I like reading the books without having seen all the movies its nice being able to picture some of the characters in my head; and having my own picture of them; sometimes the book really is better.
 Great, nearly perfection condition
 Everything about this is amazing. All of it!
 Beautiful illustrations. This book is amazing.
 Great book- second in a series of seven.  Added more,depth to the characters and moves the story along towards a,great finish.
 Purchased this Livre Audio (French language audio book) as a gift for a Harry Potter fan taking HS French 3. The recordings are high quality with a native French speaker, so it makes following the familiar story easy. Because the story is familiar, you can perfect your ear and accent. If the mp3's are loaded onto an ipod, you can adjust the speed of the speech to make it easier to understand.
 This is without a doubt the most beautifully and artistically rendered printed version of HP and the Sorcerer's Stone. The art is striking and really captures each character. This is almost in the category of a coffee table art book, I did not expect it to be a big book. This is the kind of book you give to a HP fan, or for your kids first HP book, it will last ages and will be treasured no doubt.
 All good
 This is only the beginning to a story that will change your life. Well it did mine, at least.
 Compared to the fourth one, this one may have seemed dry action wise, but if you look deeper into it, it becomes a lot better.  This is the book where you see Harry finally starting to grow up, you can feel his anger.  Overall, Great
 Greaat naration
 Extraordinary illustration and superb story (if you haven't already read it before ;) Each page is detailed in some way, whether it's a full picture or just a few stray blots of ink. This book is a must have for any Harry Potter fan. Even the outer cover and binding is in rich detail that well represents the 'feel' of the wizarding world of Harry Potter. I look forward to the next illustrated installment.
 It's just doesn't get any better than Harry Potter.  The story is fun and engaging.  I recommend it to anyone who loves to read.
 The fifth book in the Harry Potter series came out yesterday, and I've just finished reading it.  Since I'd had it on order at Amazon.com since *March 2001,* I've obviously been waiting for it for quite a while.<br/>Perhaps it's because I've been waiting for it's release for so long, but this book doesn't seem to measure up to the previous four.  As I read it, I kept waiting for something "interesting" or "big" to happen...but it never did.  Even the conclusion, which is always the most fast-paced, didn't rile me up and suck me into the storyline as it normally did.<br/>I think the biggest reason it failed to deliver the excitement of the previous Harry Potter books is the lack or scarcity of new information about the wizarding world.  All of the previous books tell you something neat about Harry's world:  New spells learned, new creatures discovered, a mystery to unravel (for example, the mysterious hissing in the walls that ended up being the basilisk in book two).  Unfortunately, all those were either lacking in this book, or appeared to a lesser extent.  There were creatures that looked like parts of trees (akin to stick-bugs in the 'real world,'), and an admittedly interesting winged horse-like creature (nothing like a pegasus, however) which is visible only to those who have seen death, but no new spells that come to mind.  They focused on the oh-so-scary "O.W.L.S" exams and massive homework, but somehow still failed to instill a sense of urgency about exams in a reader.  Finally, Harry's adversary in the Order of the Phoenix appeared to be the annoyingly sweet, yet obviously evil, Ministry of Magic employee, Professor Umbridge, who J.K. Rowling successfully made us love to hate, but seemed to occupy more of Harry's thoughts than his fear of Lord Voldemort, other than Harry's annoyance that no one seems to believe either Harry or Dumbledore when they insist the Dark Lord has returned.<br/>I'm sure there will be many readers who disagree with me, and I can't say it's not worth the read, but I'm just not able to give this last one the unending praise I lavished on the first book, despite having been (and remain) a die-hard Harry Potter fan.  I still look forward to the last two books, but I hope they have more substance and excitement than this installment, for all its length.
 I bought this book for my father for Christmas as his old "Prisoner of Azkaban" looked like someone had broken it down the middle. I do wish that they had kept the back cover picture design but the book was in great condition. As for this series, there are no amount of words to describe how much I love the Harry Potter books. They will change your world! :)
 The illustrations truly enhance this story, especially the animated pictures. I am glad that Jim Kay drew the characters as described in the book rather than just drawing the movie characters. I got a good laugh at the Dursleys, admired the character portraits and I was absolutely bowled over with how the artist handled You-Know-Who! Definitely worth adding to any Harry Potter collection.
 This book was purchased for my son back when he was almost 12.  Here's what he had to say about it at that time:  "This is the best book in the world, although 6 and 7 are bound to be beter. I am a total fan of harry potter and even recomend this to minor fans. I have all of the best series in the world... !HARRY POTTER!"
 i love it
 This cover is beautiful!
 Even as an adult, I love the Harry Potter books.  Because of my love of them, I have been purchasing them for my friend's son to read when he gets a little bit older.  This book is when they start to get a bit scary for a young child, but the pre-teen to adult age will love them.<br/><br/>I received this in perfect condition in just a few days, too!
 Its Harry Potter! Its wonderful! Duh.
 Came exactly in Time and used as it stated
 Arrived promptly and looks great!
 No single word of any count of syllables can describe the experience of reading this magical story in the magical format of kindle motion. Every Harry Potter fan knows that all manuscripts written in the Wizarding world contain enchanted illustrations, now they exist in the Muggle world as well! Thoughtful depiction of key scenes made rereading the first book of the series feel like a whole new story about well loved characters.
 Loved this Book. I finished it in two Days. I decided to read the series since I am such a fan of the movies
 This is a hard cover book and the price was good and the book is very nice. I haven't read it yet as it is a gift.
 The book came exactly as promised and in great condition.  Thanks!
 I turely love the book!
 What is there to say about this book.  All of the books in the series were very good.  Unfortunately, I loaned this one to a "friend".  Had to replace it as I have them all in hardback.
 I Love all the Harry Potter Books I read them More then Five times.
 Good
 The book came to me in great condition and i have had no trouble with the tapes not working at all.!
 Just received our copy in the mail and I was so happy with my purchase.  First off, it was bigger than I expected which was awesome for viewing the artwork throughout the book.  It was great to see the artist used their imagination for how they thought the characters looked.  While some resemble the cast of the movie, you can tell that that the artist used his own vision.  The book is very well made and just fun to look through even when you're not reading it, especially if you've read it before.  I would highly recommend this item for a gift to any Harry Potter fans out there.  I will definitely get on the waiting list for the second one.
 Great
 Great
 Beautiful!
 Great installation glad I finally got to read it
 Thank you
 I have wanted to read these books for many years. What a treat to have it read to me. The narrator, Jim Dale, is fabulous. There is so much character in his voice. And of course, the story is great or there wouldn't have been many other books and movies made.
 It's Harry Potter - needs no review. Every book of the series is sensational.
 This book was ordered as a Christmas gift for my 23 year old grandson. His original was somehow lost and he needed this copy to complete his collection of first editions he had read as they were published.  Instead of searching though vintage bookstores, i ordered this copy online.  It was reasonably priced, arrived in perfect condition, and ontime for Christmas.
 It is perfect, if I can put 100 stars I'll put it.<br/>The book is fenomenal. Hardcover, with a removable cover of paper, the page is huge and I'm sure that this book is going to resist very long years, very durable.
 love it, more illustrations would be even better, can't wait for the next one.
 Harry is growing up, turning 15 is diffiicult for any kid, much less one who has the life drama that Harry does.  Rowling does a wonderful job of storytelling, while never letting us forget Harry is a kid.. a kid who has had a difficult life, who is constantly under attack and who may lose everything he loves.<br/><br/>Really wonderful
 Love this book! It is like looking at all my childhood memories. I bought one for each of my sisters and my friends. Worth every penny.
 Literally wanted to start the book over once I had finished.
 One of my favorite books of the series.  You really see Harry come into his own.
 Fast shipping! Nice books!
 Who couldn't like Harry Potter??
 The book came in pretty good condition, however there is plenty of wear on the spine, which might not bother anyone else, but my inner perfectionist is slightly annoyed. Great book though!
 I wasn't going to follow the trend of Harry Potter--but I bought this one for the heck of--and I had to go buy all the rest.  Careful, you will most likely become addicted...and then you'll have to buy all of them...and then get the movies---and lose sleep at night wondering what will happen next!!
 It was wonderful to go back to the first book having read it for the first time long before any movies were made.
 Pictures are amazing! Can't wait for the rest
 Now I can relive the magic with beautiful illustrations :D
 Spine damage<br/>Othwise good
 Rowling keeps you fully engaged with the characters, leaving you not wanting to put the story down.
 A good old fashion whodunit with dragons, mermaids, and sphinxes. Well written mystery and all around fun adventure with an epic ending.
 Amazing!
 This is a great book.  Better than the movie, better than the first two books!  Read it (but read the first two first, and then read the last four!).
 Excellent!!
 This book was a great as adventure. It kept me turning the pages. I recommend it to anyone who wants to be scared but still laugh.
 A great present for Harry Potter fans.
 Great price; daughter loves it, too.
 This was a gift for my daughters 24th birthday and she loved it!<br/><br/>She has told me it was great and the illustrations were really cool!. The book arrived in new condition at a price that was at least 10% below what I could find anywhere else. I thought the cover was pretty neat.<br/><br/>She rated this a very high 9.26 to 9.75 out of 10 - highly recommended for Harry Potter fans!
 Perfect ! Absolutely love it
 My 10 year old son is hooked.
 Loved it!!
 Woh
 Who doesn't love a child prodigy who is put to the test?  The games are a foot... and the goblet of fire is the goal.  The story was definitely necessary I think... and I was left with a wondering mind.  I love it when a story leaves wondering.  It brings you imagination out more.  It forces you to critically think on every character and setting detail.  Amazing book.
 Amazing
 Great Book. cant put it down
 Perfect condition.
 The book was gorgeous, &amp;  beautifully illustrated. My 8 yr old grandson (a fabulous reader) loved it!
 This book is amazing! If you're looking for a good action book, Harry Potter  and the Prisoner of Azkaban is for you!<br/>-Zuri, age 8
 This is the exciting beginning to a wonderful series.
 This book is AMAZING!!! I knew it would be beautiful but when it arrived the illustrations blew me away! The pictures are beautiful drawn and colored and could easily be framed and hung on a wall, they are that good. And best of all- the book has kept my daughters' interest and so now they beg for me to read to them from it every night! Wonderful! I really love the red ribbon bookmark that is attached. It helps us keep out place and just adds to the beauty of the book. HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend!!
 Love it!
 Was given as a gift.
 Awesome book to read. It is a little slow in the beginning but is still great and a fun read.
 I love it ever one should read
 Harry Potter, Whats there To Say About HARRY POTTER That has Not Been Said Though My Favorite Charactor Is Severus Snape, Harry Hermione, Ron Whom I Never Cared For Much Sirrus Bklack Same Feeling As With Ron. The Book Was A Masterpiece As Usual. J K Rowling One of The Greatest Writers Of All Time. Though This One Is Not My Favorite One, It Was Excellently Mastered By The great One Herself.
 Excellent
 This book was way better than the movie it was my least favorite movie but by far the best book! I really enjoyed it a lot!
 Great book
 It is a gift.  The recipient likes it.
 great
 Very well developed characters really propel the book.
 With the upcoming release of Book 8, I am desperately trying to reread the first seven books before its July 31st release.<br/><br/>Either it's been too long since I last read these books, or I really skimmed the other times. At my current moderate pace I'm able to really enjoy the details this go-round.<br/><br/>The best thing about the Potter books are that they are truly timeless. The absence of texting or iPhones or Pokemon Go! don't seem to matter because, let's face it, the Wizards had better alternatives even back in the early 2000s. #Potterhead
 Amazing illustrations.  We had a great time reading it with our 7 year old!
 great book, my 2nd and 4th graders are hooked on Harry Potter!
 Replacing a lost copy of original paperback.  Another great HP book.
 The illustrations are as great as the book itself.
 I'm reading this with my 4 year old son. He loves it. I love sharing my most favorite books with my children, and I can't wait for the others to be released. I will buy every single one of them. The illustrations are absolutely breathtaking, and exactly the way I imagined them the first time I read the book.
 Harry Potter is one of the best books I have ever read in my whole life.  I love the mystery,excitement,and most importantly,Harry Potter!
 I gave this to my 8 yr. old grandson and he loves it. I was afraid it might be scary but he is OK with it.
 This will be the 5 th time reading Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire and i still LOVE IT!!!!!!!! This book in my opinion is the best Harry Potter book.
 This book is a wonderful way to introduce young children to Harry Potter.  I read it to my my six and eight-year-olds and the pictures helped make the already fantastic story come alive.  There are just enough illustrations to capture the magic of the book, but enough to keep the mystery alive for children to imagine the world of Hogwarts. We can't wait for the next illustrated editions!
 Good book!
 Good book.
 The illustrations make the book even more magical
 It showed up on time and my Mom really loved it thank you.
 Love the series.  I learned how to read buy listening to the audio version
 These are excellent productions of the Harry Potter books. I definitely recommend them. I found that listening fit closer with the movies than reading usually does. I have time to listen as I drive, but not so much time to just read. Also, listening to Harry Potter on a car trip keeps you from having sleepy spells. It is a great experience if you love driving and reading to do both at once!
 Great book.  Love the pictures.
 The artwork is beautiful. This book is a dream come true and a must-have for any Harry Potter fan. I am able to share one of my favorite stories and memories of childhood with my own children now, and they are fascinated by the story's words and illustrations.<br/><br/>I pre-ordered this book on Amazon for Christmas 2015 and will continue to do so until every book is in our collection.
 Buy this book. I took it to my third graders who just ate it all up! It is absolutely gorgeous!
 This book has Great humor and plot.  I re-read this book every two years just to get lost in the wizarding world.
 I am just blown away by how amazing this book is! This is exactly what I've been waiting for! It's the perfect timing as I have young children just learning to read. Having illustrations makes it so much more enthralling to them. I cannot wait to buy every single one of the illustrated harry Potter collection. I would recommend it to anybody and you would not be disappointed I promise!
 Beautiful book love it
 The book is beaut
 The book was in exactly the condition as described.  The delivery time could have been faster, though.  I am spoiled by ordering from Amazon and usually receive my orders before the scheduled delivery date.  Otherwise, I am completely satisfied with this transaction.
 Thanks !!! Is perfect !!!
 Excellent copy, very good condition
 Beautiful illustrations and on so many pages!
 Loveeeeeee
 My least favorite one so far. After all that it boils down to the old adage that young adults should be treated as such, not like children. Everything would have been avoided if Dumbledore had just been honest.<br/><br/>But I think that's the point as well. Rowling wants to show it's only going to get darker for Harry now that Voldemort is back. I give it three because I understand where she was trying to go with this story but because it was so long when the point could have easily been summed up in half the book it was hard to get through.
 I needed a Hard Copy book for my collection.
 I purchased the Kindle motion ebook. There is beautiful artwork on every page, most of it moving to enhance the original story for new and repeat readers alike.<br/><br/>Nothing is abridged, and if you find the motion distracting you can always switch it off and on again at your leisure.<br/><br/>I find it an excellent to help captivate early readers and are them to visualize the story without needing to see the films first.
 It was a awesome book.  Also, could someone please tell me how to delete these reviews?  Although I do not think you can comment on these reviews.
 I am so in love with this book. No matter how many times I've read it, it never gets old.
 First of all, just let me say this book is really nice. It is both bigger and heavier then I thought it would be. Most of us at this point have read the The Sorcerer's Stone so you know the story so I won't comment on that. The illustrations in this book are beautiful and I was blown away at their detail. Not every page is filled with illustrations as I first thought they would be, but there are enough illustrations that you in no way feel cheated in spending the money on yet another copy of a Harry Potter book.This book would have been worth the $40 cover price, but it's an extremely good deal at the Amazon $23 price point. I love these books and I can't wait to see the illustrations for the next 6.
 Bought this as a gift, and she loved it!
 This book was ok. I didn't like the way it kept repeating itself. Was not one of my favorites. Still finished it but wasn't impressed.
 I love this series. I am reading it fot
 This book came in good time and in excellent condition! Very pleased with my purchase and 7 year old grandson is over the moon.
 Imaginative, though plot elements are often forced and much of the resolution of the plot is provided by long soliloquies, which is lazy writing. The books get progressively more mature, as if they were written for the same audience as it aged. This one is probably best for a child 10 or older (to listen to - reading level I don't know). A lot of it was lost on my 7 year old.
 Our grandson loves to read the Harry Potter series.  Has several of the books, can not get enough of the adventures.
 I would listen to Jim Dale read the phone book, but how awesome to have him read such a wonderfully crafted series as Harry Potter. He does excellent voices and brings a new life to the series. This is my favorite book in the series, and I was able to get the recorded version at a sensible price. If you can afford the books on CD, get them. Hours and hours of listening pleasure.
 Great read. Classic start to a classic series.
 Received on time, product was fine (so far). My friend had a copy that was missing about 100 pages in the middle but I haven't gotten there yet so we'll see. The book was a bit more worn than described but I really can't complain considering I paid about half the price so no real issues or complaints!
 I read these because my child is obsessed with them. I found them a bit boring at first but when I homed in on the characters and read the rest of the books I started to get it. It grows on you. Also, Rowling finds her feet as a writer over time. This book deserves to be a timeless classic for children.
 How can you not love it?
 If youre  Harry Potter fans like we are, an audiobook is great for long car trips.  We read the books so fast, an audiobook lets us pause and talk about whats going on in the story.  Now looking back we hear so many clues of things to come.  You get to appreciate JK rowling's brilliance and see how things build to the climatic last book.
 Great quality, extremely awesome illustrations throughout the book. If you love HP, 100% worth the money.
 This is my favorite book out of all 7, and I have the American version. I am happy to be able to own the British edition as well. It got here in good time and in good conditiion for being used. In my opinion used books are loved books. I would buy from them again.
 The last three books in this series are my favorite because of the change in tone.  It has a touch of dark fantasy.  Readers learn more of the connection between Harry and Voldermort and the importance of the meeting that is to come.  My only complaint is that the book's pacing slows in the middle.<br/><br/>The movie adapation remedied this, though it left things out.
 Brought the book used through Amazon was a great price so was able to give my daughter her own complete collection as she joined the potter heads this summer
 Our grandson loves to read all of the Harry Potter series to learn more and enjoy reading during the summer months.
 It's Harry Potter..it can do no wrong. But seriously, this book is amazing! There are so many stunning illustrations throughout the book and I could spent hours just really looking at the pictures. My 8 year old is so excited to read this since it now has pictures. I am so thrilled to add this to my ever growing Harry Potter collection and look forward to the release of the others!
 Shipped promptly and as described. Highly recommend.
 It's Harry Potter, it's great!
 Excellent
 Bought it as a gift for my wife to complete her collection. She loves the books and movies and this completed her collection.
 Item just as described. No complaints!
 Ive never read any harry potter book. Just got into them cause my wife is a harry potter nerd and our daughter is getting into reading them. So we got this as christmas gift. It is like 15 20 more than the original with no pictures, but the illustration one makes it seem like a better book. Again not a fan but i am excited to give to the kiddo to read with the great artwork thats in it.
 I borrowed this audiobook from my local library. The reader, Jim Dale, did such a great job that I decided to purchase all of the books on cd! This is the 3rd one I have purchased. Some audiobooks are not nearly as good as reading the book. This is not so in this case.
 The artwork is absolutely beautiful. I got this for my 4 year old niece who loves to be read to, and she enjoys all the drawings. I already have 2 versions of the HP series, the first edition hardbacks and one of the new cover illustrations that came out last year. After looking through this one I'm pretty sure I'll be buying it for myself as well! :) Any Harry fan would love it!
 :)
 Such a great book to read with my son that is 7 years old! We both enjoy it and can't wait to read all the books and then watch the movies.
 Love it...
 I really enjoyed the third book in the Harry Potter Series. These are great books for people of ALL ages.
 Great family book.  All the grandkids love to read these. We like to share and read together and then watch the movie
 I recommend this book to anyone regardless of their age. This book is captivating and extraordinary in every single way.
 Speedy delivery! Love this book and all the others as well. ^_^
 Favorite out of the entire series!
 I'm collecting all of the audio books and LOVE them!  I own each of the hardback books and the films already.
 Beautiful book
 Fantastic read for all ages. An epic ending to a series for the ages.
 Simply classic...a wonderful read for both kids and adult.
 Loved the book!  Wish the movies were more like them, but they are still great fun!
 great c classic. very suspenseful(I LOOOVVVVVEEEEEDDDDD  IT )P.S it's the ultimate gift for a child.YOU NEED TO GET IT THEY WILL LOVE IT
 I have thousands of books hard covered or on the tablet, over all Harry Potter, first book, was finished in just 15 days! Already got half of my friends to read it!
 It's Harry Potter. Duh.
 Absolutely beautiful, whimsical drawings that bring Harry Potter to life. Can't wait for the next 6 to be done this way.
 Everything good about this book has already been said.  Read the series in order.  It will make more sense.
 I watched the movie before this and I still loved reading it.
 I bought this to share the magic of Harry Potter with my 9-year-old daughter.  We're actually reading it together (her in English and me in Spanish since I'm in college for foreign languages) and re-experiencing it all over again both for myself and vicariously through her is an experience that can't be beat. Any of the Harry Potter books are sure things that can not disappoint.
 I love love love love this book. It is amazing to see come to life! I have read the book countless of times and now my 8 year old is enjoying it fully illustrated. I purchased it in Spanish as well and hoping to get my son excited about learning how to read in a new language. The entire thing just looks wonderful on my coffee table. May purchase a few more copies as gifts this christmas.
 While the book was okay, I felt it was a bit drawn out.
 J.K. is a genius! Glad to have this in my kindle.
 Ok, I'm officially hooked on HP. At 32 years old.
 Was for another person. She was very pleased with it. I was happy with shipping time and quality for her.
 Love it!!! I'm hooked
 I'd say the writing style is adequate without being impressive, but then these are children's books.  But the creativity of the whole Harry Potter series is astounding.  J. K. Rowling created a whole world with distinct personalities, magic spells, mythical creatures, and ongoing adventures that totally rocked my world.  I had always maintained that I wasn't fond of fantasy fiction, yet liked fairy tales, and that's still pretty much true.  These  books are more reminiscent of fairy tales, the deep dark ones typical of central Europe.<br/><br/>This volume is my favorite of the series for several reasons.  The youth of the protogonists, Harry's excitement on discovering this other world, perhaps the milder nature of the threat to this world.  But that didn't stop me from devouring the others.  I downloaded all the books to my Kindle, and by the fifth book I was so addicted, that no other book seemed remotely as satisfying.  I subsequently scoured the internet for some hope that Rowling would go on to write about the same characters and their adult lives and adventures.  Please, J. K. Rowling, pretty please.
 Good.
 Harry Potter is amazing. Every books gets better and better!! They will leave you wanting more. I especially like this one because if you buy all the books of this style, the side of them makes the picture of Hogwarts. If you love magic, fiction, fantasy, humor, you should try this book. Don't get discouraged by the series, you forget you're even reading because it's so good!!
 For the Audio Book:  Great story.  I can't say anything new about the HP series.  You love them, or don't (really!?).  Anyway, the expert reading by Jim Dale makes the book even better.  Kids actually enjoyed long vacation drives so they could listen to the books.  Great investment into family tranquility.
 Great delivery and product is as expected, thank you!
 Thank You!  Love Harry Potter!
 great condition. not perfect, but arrived in condition as advertised.
 Very good.
 My son loved it!
 And I will probably read it again and again and again love this series movies as well as the books
 After misplacing my first copy of Harry Potter &amp; the Goblet of Fire in junior high, I decided to purchase this copy as a replacement. I'm so glad I did! Even though it is a used book, it is still in very good condition, although the binding does seem like it's seen better days. All in all, this book is a very good copy for the money.
 Very nice, clean and blemished.
 Excellent story.
 This book was in good shape.  However the book was depicted with a dust jacket and did not come with one.<br/>I would not have purchased it without one.<br/>I was very disappointed as this was a Christmas pressent.
 This was the last book of the series that I needed and I got it pretty quickly too!  Can't wait to read it to the kids.  Love it!
 Beautiful illustrations
 Product arrived very quickly and was as described by the seller. All discs worked and the price was good. Thank you.
 Lovee it
 Nice
 Rowling the best. Love Harry Potter.  What's your patronus?
 It arrived in time for Christmas and in the advertised condition.  Listening to it brought back many memories and will be a great subtle to introduce it to my children.
 goood
 These were delivered really quickly.  I am only beginning to read the series...which I love... and I have not gotten to this one yet.  I imagine that I will really like it.
 After waiting two years for the book, I didn't want to wait one more day. I pre-ordered it, and I'm glad I did. J'K Rowlings did not disappoint. Now I'm anxiously awaiting Book 7.
 Thank You. I love this book!
 I thought this book was amazing. I recommend this book to anyone looking for a good book to read for pass time.
 Book arrived in great condition and its an awesome read!
 Love it
 loved it favorite of them so far
 One if the best authors ever! Amazing story. JK Rowling has a vivid imagination and has created a fun world of limitless possibilities.
 The item was new and arrived promptly. I was completely satisfied with this purchase, it was also cheaper than buy it at my schools book store by a lot.
 Our granddaughter love the book.
 I picked up this book, on a busy work day - my intention was to read the introduction and then set the book aside to read over the weekend..... the first chapter caught my attention and I could not put the book down.  I related to every single topic and before the end of the day, I had read the book cover to cover and then gone back over a number of the chapters.<br/><br/>Colin has captured the essence of some very real business challenges and articulated incredibly well exactly how to overcome those challenges.<br/><br/>Within days of reading this book, I made some big changes in my business - changes that needed to be made but I had been procrastinating on... the results have been astounding and my "Sandpit" is happier already.<br/><br/>I recommend this book to anyone who manages teams of people in fact, even if you simply interact with other people on a day to day basis, this book will benefit you.
 Just re-read this to my kids for the umpteenth time. It's always a favorite and they adore having it read aloud!
 So good I've read the series twice it's awesome and I hope to see j. K. Rowling write more books.
 Awesome
 This is not a graphic novel or a shortened version of the book with illustrations.  This is THE FULL FIRST book, just like how would have first read it all those years ago.  The illustration are gorgeous and even on the pages where there isn't a picture there are small details on the page.  Can't recommend this enough and I can't wait for the rest of the books to come out!!!
 Great book. Wonderful pictures. Good addition to the Harry Potter collection.
 Enjoyed every page. Honestly this series gets better with each book. He who must not be named is back and everything changes.
 Fun for all ages
 It has many adventures and things you would never expect! Sometimes I am so into the book it is like a movie.
 good magic fantastic
 Absolutely amazing. I'm a huge Harry Potter nerd and this is a must have for sure!
 Love this book. Who doesn't love Harry Potter.
 Perfect condition
 I bought this in Spanish when I took Spanish in high school that way I could explore the different tenses that shift. Even with a Spanish dictionary and my Spanish notes it does take me quite a bit of time to read just a few pages but it did help increase my Spanish! Also it was fun to follow along with the English version in this popular tale of Harry Potter.
 I've been a Harry Potter fan since the beginning. This illustrated edition is simply wonderful.
 I loved it!
 The 5th Harry Potter book in the series is not disappointing. It is a thrill ride from Chapter 1. Harry is continuing to struggle with You Know Who and is a bit overwhelmed with all the "help" he is receiving from those around him.
 The illustrated edition is GREAT ! I love it and cant wait to read it again ♡ ! :D
 I CAME LATE TO HARRY POTTER BECAUSE I THOUGHT IT WAS A SERIES FOR CHILDREN ONLY.  I STAND<br/><br/> CORRECTED; IT A RIPPING YARN FOR ALL AGES.  I HAVE READ THE FIRST TWO VOLUMES SO FAR,  AM<br/><br/>ABOUT TO START VOLUME THREE, AND HAVE VOLS. SIXAND SEVEN IN TRANSIT TO ME.  OH, GO AHEAD,<br/><br/>BETCHA CAN'T READ JUST ONE.
 Everything I could have hoped for!
 The story really starts to pick up with the 3rd book, although I love the entire series.
 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was just as entrancing this time around as when I read it the first time it was released. As in the first two installments of the series, Harry, Ron and Hermione wind up tangled in a crazy adventure featuring that pesky Grim! There are plenty of plot twists to keep even the most seasoned reader enthralled. Now to the illustrations, which are phenomenal. They really bring the world to life before your very eyes. Whether you’ve read the books already or seen the movies, it doesn’t matter as these illustrations will draw you back into Hogwarts as if it’s your first time reading the series. To be honest, my only issue with this rendition is that I want to see more of the drawings. If I could have it my way, every page would have a fantastic drawing on one side and text on the other; however, I do understand that this is not a practical request.
 Just got it!! Loving it. A little bit of wear but still has the book cover in good condition. No writing and no bent pages! Hallelujah!
 I Loved it I read it Five times since I bought it.
 Let me just start off by saying I love Harry Potter. Great story line, amazing character and great lessons. Recommend to readers of all ages!<br/>I bought this book for my niece for Christmas who has just gotten into reading. Of course, it came very fast and was in perfect condition. The price is better than in the stores also!
 The cover in bottom right was torn. Is there another copy? :(
 Girlfriend LOVED it!
 Excellent!! Enjoyed it do much!!
 Given as a gift.
 Such a good read! I was on the edge of my seat most of the book! Recommend for any and all teens
 Gift made it to it's destination in good time and in good condition.  What more could you ask for?
 Best book yet!
 I can't believe I'm reading these books at all....a co-worker convinced me to buy the first book, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  This isn't my type of book, I'm more into murder mysteries.  So I bought the book, but it took me awhile to pick it up and start reading.  I was dreading it, actually.  I thought it would just drag on and on, and it would take forever to get through it.  Well, that isn't the case at all....I got hooked on the first book!  I ordered the next three, and I'm now in the middle of Goblet of Fire.  I'm about 15 years late, but I guess better late than never.....I'm 59 years young!  By the way, I just ordered the last three!
 The movie of this book hooked me on the series (books &amp; movies).  Just wonderful.
 3rd time's a charm
 I love these versions of the HP books sooooo much!! I originally read the books through the library and have since been wanting to buy them. So glad I waited though. The paintings/drawings in these are just stunning. As an artist myself I am stunned that such amazing quality art is being pumped out so quickly for these. There are just so many amazing visuals on almost every other page. Not to mention the books quality is beautiful. Big gorgeous pages really help show off the amazing art and graphic design/book layout. I will keep buying these all the way through the whole series. I really hope they do them all. Hands down best version of what is already one of the best series ever created.
 Great quality and shipping was fast. Very happy with my purchase.
 I love this book its atleast one of my top favs!
 I was very pleased with this order.  It is something I will pass down to my grandchildren.  I feel very fortunate to have found this book at this great price.
 Fascinating!
 It is just a good fun read
 This is the British version of the story; it's a bit different and seems to be a version closer related to the film version. I very much enjoyed it, but it is not Jim Dale. I like both versions equally.
 This is a gorgeous book just as with the other two. The illustrations are amazing and continue to amaze me. The detail that goes into these books is worth the price. Every Harry Potter fan needs to add these illustrated versions to their collection.
 Our grandson loves to read and the Harry Potter series gives  him a chance to continue to read and learn.
 I haven't taken a Spanish class in 2 years but I wanted to start practicing my Spanish again, an this book has been great. Have a Spanish english dictionary next to you and it'll be fine.
 Didn't want to stop reading until done.
 In great condition!
 It was perfect!
 Great book
 very enchanting book
 I am trying to learn some Lating while trying to read this book :-)
 Loved this book so much! Highly recommend for kids and adults
 I love these books. They are all great. I just had to re-buy this one, because a friend borrowed it and never returned it.<br/>I have two daughters and I love finding books with strong female characters. I want to teach my children to be smart, strong, and loyal. These books have all that in them and so much more. If you want to talk to your children about bullies or bigotry these books have that as well.
 Ingenious plot development...my favorite Potter tale. Consistent flow, character development over time/as the series of books flows forward. Me and my little girl used to stand in line for the newest Harry Potter book and now she's about to turn 30. I'll never forget the excitement I felt reading all of the series books the first time through, but especially Goblet of Fire! I've never stood in line for a book coming out before or since!
 And it was great! A little on the 'child' side I must say, but hey, it WAS written for kids of 10 years of age. For a children's book, it kept me turning the pages wanting more. Just finished the 2nd book in the series and now on the 3rd. TRUST ME, the story gets BETTER beyond the first book! But you have to read this one first. It sets up the whole story throughout the series.
 This book was exactly what I had expected, so I am pleased with it and would be happy to order this type of book again.
 The Best book of Harry Potter!!!
 Great naration
 Great naration
 Love it
 The only reason that this is not a 5 star review is that the cassettes they use are incredibly cheaply made and tend to stick, break, snag, or otherwise malfunction.  (The CDs obviously do not have this issue.)  In terms of performance and content, this whole series is spectacular...something akin to old time radio.  You can see everything unfold in your head just as the author intended, without missing anything like the movies leave out.  Jim Dale is a rock star of the spoken word...unique voices for all the characters and flawless diction...you can understand every word he utters.
 Excellent read!
 I purchased this book for my son and partly for myself. My son is an infant but he loves looking at pictures during story time, I love Harry Potter. This book is perfection, the illustrations are gorgeous and the pages are large enough that the book isn't super thick. I now get to make sure my son grows up enjoying Harry Potter due to these illustrated works of art.
 Received the book in a day.
 LOVE IT
 A friend who was graduating from college collects HP books in other languages.  This turned out to be the perfect gift.
 love the copy and the smell of the old library
 This is a replacement of my original which disappeared from my library.
 Huge HP fan and the price was spectacular.
 Great condition.
 The Harry Potter audio books are a lot of entertainment that can be revisited from time to time and are much more entertaining than anything on TV.  Jim Dale does and incredible job of reading this series.  If you are a Harry Potter fan and haven't listened to Harry Potter read by Jim Dale, you have missed out on some serious entertainment.
 The Harry Potter audio books are a lot of entertainment that can be revisited from time to time and are much more entertaining than anything on TV.  Jim Dale does and incredible job of reading this series.  If you are a Harry Potter fan and haven't listened to Harry Potter read by Jim Dale, you have missed out on some serious entertainment.
 Thank you!
 Amazing!
 Amazing book
 Best price in town!
 Buy it! The illustrations are lovely. I purchased a copy for myself and one for my sister. She got the wrapping halfway off on Christmas morning and said "is this what I think it is?!" The book is spectacular and as children who grew up reading Harry Potter it is nice to have a new, illustraed, version to share now that we are beginning families of our own.
 Very fast perfect item thanks!
 Grandma has been collecting the Harry Potter series since the first grandchild was born but somehow missed volume four.  This was the year to give them off as a Christmas gift and, of course, this book filled the bill.  The book was received as advertised in good condition from a reliable seller.
 Harry Potter is beloved in our family so I had to add this illustrated version to our book collection.  It doesn't disappoint.  It was a joy to see the beautiful illustrations by Jim Kay and the attention to detail is impressive.  If you love Harry, you'll love this. It's a hefty book and quite a bit larger than the other versions.  Can't wait for the next one.
 Good
 Everything  I've ordered through Amazon has had superb service and value.  Was able to find the complete Set of Harry Potter books on tape and have given to my daaughter as an early Christmas gift.  So far, she is only on the Second book, but loves it.  She has all of the printed books, but find the naration so great.  Thanks for the great condition of the merchandise.
 Great!
 As a Harry Potter fanatic, mom and teacher this is a beautiful book to share with kids!
 I haven't read this since the first time and it was amazing!
 She has outdone herself with this one.  There are so many twists and turns, along with little suprises everywhere, that I could not put it down.  Her imagination and skilled storytelling leave me in awe.  I recommend the entire series for anyone...  Excellent job Ms. Rowling.
 Good like a new book
 Kept putting these books on the back burner. Figured I'd read them eventually. Now getting it done and very glad I did.
 Amazing books..once into your system you can't get them out.
 Love these books. I'm glad I have finally taken the time to read them all. Cant wait to read the next one.
 Amazing voice, translation is perfect!
 Beautiful pictures! Great way to introduce Harry's world to a new generation of readers.
 Book was in good shape and enjoyed by my daughter.
 The set was gift for my daughter.  She loves it!  Came in good condition.  Works well while playing.  Story is great.
 This book was even better than I expected.
 Awesome book
 I love this book! It is basically the full chapter book but with illustrations all along the way. The art work is so wonderful and it really transports you there as your reading. Im so excited for my second grader to read this book. I read it for the first time almost 16 years ago and now they have this version! Too cool! I hope they make the whole series!!!
 Good
 Joining Harry and his friends in the Order of the Phoenix we get to know the older generation, the first to fight he who must not be named. We also get another glimpse of the true depth of Voldemort's evil and how far he has gone to preserve himself in the form of a horcofix only we will not know it until the end.
 This is a great book for kids. It's pretend, made up, so don't let anyone scare you off. It's not any different from The Hobbit in scariness. The only thing Rowling did differently was not proclaim that she was Christian. If she had the Christians would look at this differently and make comparisons to Biblical stories.
 I was given a lot of slack for reading this by my Christian friends.  But all in all, Harry Potter and friends are much more respectable than kids are today.  They have manners they are taught.  I enjoyed all six books.  I wish I had the tablet to read them on back when I read them all.  I miss Harry Potter stories.  I wish they had continued on and on.  It is the books that got me back into reading.
 The illustrations in this book are absolutely stunning.  I've been a big fan of Harry Potter since the first time I read it in 4th grade so I had high hopes for this book.  It certainly did not disappoint.  The level of detail that Jim Kay gives to the illustrations is breathtaking.  This would make a perfect gift for anyone that loves the world of Harry Potter.
 My niece's and nephew loved their gifts!
 The story itself was good but when I received it the spine was already starting to break and the cover was starting to chip off
 Jim Dale does an AMAZING job bringing this book to life! Definitely worth the listen! This version is great for kids &amp; adults.
 I liked this product because it was what I expected.
 Book was bought as a gift.  Well packed, good price.  Can't say much else.
 The Harry Potter audio books are a lot of entertainment that can be revisited from time to time and are much more entertaining than anything on TV.  Jim Dale does and incredible job of reading this series.  If you are a Harry Potter fan and haven't listened to Harry Potter read by Jim Dale, you have missed out on some serious entertainment.
 Great book for all ages!!
 This book was a Christmas present. I am a Harry fan 100% and I'm so excited to add this to my collection, the illustrations are beautiful and well executed.  The entire book is more of a piece of art than a novel.  I was excited to get the illustrated version because I'm wanting to read it with my son.  He loves it too.  Perfect for any Harry Potter fan's shelf
 My grandson age 9  loves it.
 Fast shipping! Great books! Thanks!
 This narrator is awesome!  I’ve read the Harry Potter series many times but got the audio versions to listen to on my long daily commute.  I was worried that it might not be the same experience in audio form but the narrator is so fabulous that you truly feel that you are at Hogwarts!  Get an audible subscription and get the whole series.  Totally worth it.
 Beautiful illustrations, completely exceeded my expectations - can't wait for the rest!
 This is the most beautiful book I have ever owned.  Magical illustrations to go along with an equally magical story.<br/>There are other reviews that describe this book in great technical detail so I'll let you read those for the nitty gritty.  My review is to let you know how special this book is.<br/> This is the book you'll want to read a little of each night to your children before bed...<br/> It's the book your kids will pull out on a rainy day to thumb through and it will take them back to the magic of the very first time they read it....<br/>It's the book that they'll turn to when they're feeling like they're weird and don't belong.  Then they'll read this- I am what I am, an’ I’m not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,’ my ol’ dad used ter say, ‘there’s some who’ll hold it against you, but they’re not worth botherin’ with".  These words will feel like a hug at a time that they might think they're too old for hugs.<br/>It's the book that they'll bring out when they're home from college over the holidays.  The memories of their childhood will come back to them with each turn of the page...<br/>It's the book they'll ask about when they're expecting their first child and you will happily give them their own copy that you have been saving for them for especially that moment.  And your child will look at you and say, "after all this time?"  And you will reply, "always."...<br/>This is the book that you will hear your child read to their own children at bedtime and you will silently wonder with tears in your eyes "where has the time gone?"<br/><br/>We will treasure this book and all of the memories it gives us.
 This will be the 3rd time I have read the series! Love every book!
 I got this as a gift for my girlfriend and she was so excited to get this in the mail. The illustrations are beautiful; however, upon arrival, the cover was ripped. We are very disappointed and are returning for a replacement. Hoping the replacement is not ripped.
 Excellent book.  The turning point in the series.  Still a highly entertaining mystery adventure but the true darkness of Harry's situation and the real costs of confronting evil begin to show themselves clearly.  Harry is forced to deal with very grownup issues.  His age and Hogwarts are no longer able to shield him from the deadly power of Lord Voldemort.
 6 and 10 year old love these books. We read them before bed as a family and tell them they cannot watch the movie until we have read the book. As Harry ages the book content matures as well. After this one we decided the 6 year old will have to wait a while to continue as the violence is increasing. The 10 year old is continuing to read the next one on her own.
 I ordered it on November, and I just received it because it was temporarily out of stock!!!! It took me two months to get my hands on this BEAUTIFUL version!!!!!!! It's truly worth it!!!! It's sooooo beautiful! The illustrations inside the book really impress me!!! This is a must have for any Harry Potter fan!!!!!!!!!
 This book had so much information in it and was a lot of fun to read it explains much more than the movie did.  I hope you get the chance to read it.
 Love these books!
 :)
 The Harry potter books are great for any age!! I flew threw all the books within a month and I so wish there were more to read!! Very interesting and keeps you wanting to know what's going to happen next!! Now after years ago I read I am now introducing the books to my nieces and nephews!! :) they are very intrigued too!!
 Great, nearly perfection condition
 Great, nearly perfection condition
 Great, nearly perfection condition
 Everything was great, the CD is in great shape as is the box.  Thank you
 Just another book in one of the best book series ever. For those that have seen the movie but not read the books, do yourself a favor and grab this! It's a wonderful delve deeper into the world of Harry Potter that the movies just cannot compete with. The level of detail that Ms. Rowling includes in her books makes it quite easy to fall deeper into the rabbit hole of harry potter till you, yourself feel as if your are walking through the grounds of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.<br/><br/>Seriously. Do yourself a favor and just buy it. You can't regret it.
 This goes back a ways, but the book was a great read! Very much enjoyed it as well as everyone else in my family.
 love it.
 My friend is a HUGE Harry Potter fan and she started reading the series to the kids.  The younger ones have a harder time paying attention, so I bought this book so that everyone can better enjoy the book.  I can't wait for all of them to see this on Christmas morning.  Awesome book with beautiful pictures and very sturdy.  I'm going to enjoy reading it myself!
 Absolutely gorgeous. Cannot wait for future releases.
 very satisfied. expectations of book condition surpassed.
 love the harry potter series
 As all j.k.rowlings books are great this one does not disappoint,my grand daughter loved it
 I am only reading the first book now.  These came highly recommended.  I loved the movies that I have seen.  These were delivered very quickly and in good shape.
 Love this book! My husband and I have always been avid Harry Potter readers. I was so excited to find this book in the hopes of getting my young children (6, 4 and 2) interested in the stories. I think the illustrations are great and the overall quality of the book is good. The price on here is great too. I had bought "The Chamber of Secrets" elsewhere for double the price.
 The illustrations are beautiful.
 good
 Beautiful illustrations on every single page of this book.  It's not just the full page spreads that contain excellent art that will take your breath away, every single page is shaded &amp; contains little visual details that make you fall in love with this series all over again.
 This is a hard cover and it's quite heavy. The book is the size of a text book, but the print isn't much bigger than the originals. The illustrations are beautiful, and my five year old son loves to look at the pictures while I read to him. My 18 month old daughter cant sit as long, but she loves looking at teh pictures as well. If you're a fan, then this book is worth it.
 El libro es digno de fanáticos las ilustraciones espectaculares! Vale la pena.
 Great book!
 My sister and I are huge Harry Potter fans, so i got this for her for her birthday and she loves it! I got Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban for myself, definitely recommend both!
 Beautiful cover and as always opened up a whole new world for me:)
 Excellent condition and my daughter will love it!
 Speedy delivery and bran new discs!
 Would you believe the day I got the book on CD I remembered I loaned my original to my daughter. :}
 This book is a must for any Harry Potter fan. The book is amazingly made and the artwork inside is just incredible!
 Absolutely love the Harry Potter series. I've seen the movies and decided to read the books too! Mainly because there's a new book that I'm dying to read but felt I should just read the whole series first since movies are always different from their books! Love it, love it!
 Came earlier than planned! Awesome!
 I really loved this book. It is one of my favorite in the Harry Potter series. I wish that I could read Harry Potter all day!
 Harry version 5 is a good book but just too long. The book was excellently written but nothing really happens for long stretches and you get the picture early on that Harry is upset etc etc. I waited anxiously to read the book and was not terribly disappointed by any means..it just could have been a bit shorter...<br/>That said..I cannot wait for 6....
 It's Harry Potter. It's freaking amazing, but how could it not be.
 Obviously great book part of Harry Potters... Regards to J.K Rowling
 My daughters have been telling me to read Harry Potter for years.  I watched all the movies but it wasn't until we started planning a Harry Potter baby shower that I finally started reading just to get a feel for the props.  I am totally enthralled and will order the rest of the books now.
 So beautiful!
 Love it
 This is one of the greatest stories I've ever read. Very involving. My friends &amp; I found it hard to stop reading.
 We love Harry Potter! I read this book shortly after it came out. Honestly, through the first chapter, I just wasn't interested. I was encouraged to keep reading and couldn't put it down! The downside was having to wait for the next one. Now, my children are reading them and are developing the same love. This is definitely one worth having in your collection.
 HAD SEEN ALL THE MOVIES BUT THE BOOKS ARE MORE COMPLETE
 Loved the first Harry Potter and this new edition with illustrations is fantastic. Hope they remake the rest of the series! I loved the first illustrator though, I wish she had redone it but this guy is good too.
 Not only was the main storyline great, but the subplots were great as well!
 Mi Hija feliz con su libro
 Loved it
 He add gcgchchvgcgdhvgxhdfxgdgctftdtdycyfhfufrq w th hkhyschsezgvkbh<br/><br/>Robaroo the new year ever unlocking and robaroo1999@yahoo to go to a new doctor david Letterman
 The movies were great but there's nothing like the books!  Also, the "Harry Potters" are best in the actual book form as opposed to e-readers for true book lovers!
 Almost a complete set... loaned out 2 of them to 2 neighbor kids and received only 1 of them back. Glad Amazon had this! I still have a couple to go to finish the set and plan to use Amazon to search them out when ready.
 Good
 As a 64-year-old-child I must admit, this book sucked me in from the beginning. From the beginning of the series to the last word, I loved just about all of it. But I still think  Hermionie (sp) should have wound up together. And the movie cast that useless person as that useless Ginny. HOW DID SHE GET THAT JOB???? Useless and completely non talented. Probably some wealthy person's child.
 Jim Kay does an excellent job capturing moments from the book. His illustrations of Harry are perfect. Dumbledore and Hagrid look amazing as well. Amazon has an amazing price for it! If you're a Harry Potter geek like me, you need this. I will say it is not as illustrated as I thought it was going to be but the illustrations are amazing! Definitely worth the buy!
 Illustrations were amazing. Certainly on par with the previous two. Got 3 stars because the cover had damage on the spine when I opened the box.
 This book is absolutely gorgeous. The pictures are great and I love the added detail of various stains on the pages. The pages are nice and thick as well. I have not noticed any pages with missing words like some have suggested but will update if I see any. I bought this as a gift for my nieces. But I obviously had approve it first by reading it ;)
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Remove-Children-s-Fears-Hypnosis-Cd-Program/dp/B00CPED1B4">Remove Children's Fears Hypnosis Cd Program</a>This being the first of the Harry Potter books, it was fun to read what I had missed by simply watching the movies.  So much more involved and better plot and character development.  What more can I say?  It was a bit young for me but still I enjoyed it.
 Amazing illustration
 My kid loved the illustrations
 I remember reading it in school and it was just as good as I remember
 I love harry potter. J.K. Rowling is magical with words. I've read this book about 20 times and it never gets old. The Harry Potter series is my all-time favorite.
 The first Potter books were awesome, but this one seems to have little to offer in the way of new experiences, new magic, or new places. Rowling throws in contrived situations that seem to have no purpose in the story other than to fill in space.  Also, she seems to have forgotten some of her own rules for the Potter world.  For example, you can't free someone else's House Elves by giving them clothes, they have to receive them from their master!<br/><br/>In this book Harry has become mean and thoughtless for the feelings of his friends.  He is beyond rude to Dumbledore, something I can't believe the Harry of the prior books would have been.<br/><br/>By the end of this book, I was ready to put it down.  Overall, a disappointing read.
 nice,looks like new..
 great!
 Very awesome book!!!
 My absolute favorite in the series
 Great book!!
 I love this book so much! Definitely the best collection i'll have!
 Excellent read!
 Amazing
 This book was a lot darker then the rest. It took a lot more time to read. Was even hard to watch the movie.
 The cover is kind of worn out with the cover also with some tears. The pages are pretty good and clean! :) all in all good product!
 Prompt service and nice quality
 Great translation!
 Wonderfully illustrated. A must get for HP fans!
 Harry Potter rocks
 Great.
 It was one of the best books I have ever read.I highly recommend it to all ages it's just great
 My favorite one!
 Love!
 Don't get me wrong, I still enjoy this book, it's just my least favorite of the series. The first half was as good as ever, funny and witty, with a great plot. But the ending part is what ruined it for me, with it's humor feeling out of place in the seriousness of it. I still recommend it because it really is a good book, it's just my least favorite of the series.
 Thanks!
 My daughter  loves it .  She said she will be handing it down to her children
 One of the best books I've ever read. This is when the story of Harry Potter gets good. Miss Rowling knows fantasy!
 Absolutely fantastic! Beautiful drawings!
 If I could post 9 3/4 stars I would. Or even 394.
 totally recommended great product at a great price!!will spread the word with pleasure!! this will be the site for christmas!!
 international shipping was fast. love Harry Potter.
 Was the best of the series.
 I mean, it's Harry Potter
 Thank You!
 This was an excellent deal - used and less that $5! My daughter carries her tape recorder around everywhere and listens to the various HP books on tape over and over again. She has learned a lot of new vocabulary words, phrases, and plot devices. We also really like the reader, Jim Dale. He's the best!
 I listen to Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone while commuting to work which helps me go on with my day.  And I also listen to this on my way back home to unwind.  Travaling 2 hours back and forth from home to work helps pass the time.
 Loved it
 My children and I really love this illustrated version of the Harry Potter books.  Not all of the pages have complete pictures, but the majority of them do.  I read a chapter a night to my 4, 5, and 8 year olds and they can pay attention a lot better than when I tried to read the chapter books to them.  We can't wait until the other books come out!
 Something glitchy going on. I did this already. Plus this was a gift.  That said, this is the best book of the series.
 Ron, Hermione, and the awsome Harry have  gone through so much together it is so heart breaking that you cant put the book down.
 Arrived very fast and as described
 Second or third reading
 Book was pretty good, but the condition was alright. I just wanted to read it so I could watch the movie. My favorite character was Sirious Black
 Read these books 6 times now. Can't get enough
 What a beautiful book!!  The illustrations are wonderful
 I Love the book.
 Love this book.  It is great that all the books are available in e-book form.  Now I'm ready to go to universal studios and see it in really life.
 Yet another masterpiece bi J.K. Rowling.  When I first read this book several years ago I couldn't stop grinning throughout most of the first half. Humor, drama, a little bit of romance, I stayed up well past one in the morning huddled under my sheets with a flashlight reading page after page. If you haven't already read this, you're missing out.
 Having so much fun reading to my 7 yr old
 I think this was my favorite book of the series. I loved the whole idea of this book it kept me on my toes.
 I have the whole set of Harry Potter and I loved the books.  I order the first book for my nephew in hope that he will like them as well.
 I don't usually read books and haven't had much encouragement to do so but this book amazing and made me buy the next one :)
 As someone who loves Harry Potter and also spends a minimum of 6 hours a day studying Chinese, this is a great way to measure what I've learned and have a little fun at the same time. Based on what I've seen, the translation is pretty good, and I'm really enjoying it.
 Enjoyed seeing illustrations with Harry Potter.
 I was delighted to find such a bargain on a hardcover, British edition of one of the Harry Potter books.  I'm a fan of the series, so it was great to get something like this (and in such good condition, too) for the price I paid.  I'm looking forward to adding this to my personal library.
 We gave this as a gift to our cousin and she loved it. The Harry Potter books have an amazing writing style that adults and kids alike will enjoy.
 Jim Dale's inspired reading of the entire Harry Potter series is a treat.  He manages to convey the different voices for all the characters convincingly and with great feeling, and fans of all ages of the novels will not be disappointed. They are perfect for long car trips.  The packaging is very attractive with Mary GrandPre's illustrations on the boxes and fold-out covers.
 This book was a great read!  I couldn't put it down and finished it in 4 days.  I like the way that the author, J.K. Rowling, ties all the characters together and you actually feel like you know the characters personally.  I can't wait to read the 6th book.
 Pleased thanks
 The illustrations are magnificent.
 This is one of the top 3 book of this series, Schoolastic edition gives you the additional illustrations that make this books different. The end of this Harry Potter book just leaves you a big smile.
 I have read the Harry Potter series five times, and now starting into my sixth with this illustrated version. Jim Kay has done such a wonderful job with these pictures, they have brought to life characters and landscapes the movie and my own imagination could not have created. I have pre-orded the second one and will be a proud owner of the set when it is finished. Thank you Jim Kay and J.K. Rowling for bringing Harry Potter to life in a whole new way.
 This First Edition is to replace one I donated to the library book sale as I spilled coffee on the edges. Have to have a complete, excellent set of Like New First Editions of this wonderful series! So sorry to see this series complete, as they are an excellent read for young and old alike.
 Came in perfect condition! Now the collection is complete
 Makes a nice gift
 Great to find just what is needed at a very good price. Thanks again.
 Re - reading all the books . Great read for old and new fans .
 I was late to the Harry Potter game, but I loved it. In this book, Harry got a letter saying he is in fact a wizard. So he is enrolled the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Him, along with his new friend the giant Hagrid, go to Diagon Alley, a magical bazaar, and thus he is thrust into the magical universe so captured the imagination of millions. We soon learn Harry is world famous among wizards for conquering an evil Wizard named Vo - um - He Who Must Not Be Named. Sorry `bout that slip. =). The book also introduces the relationship dynamics that would continue throughout the entire series, from the interplay between the three main kids (Harry, Ron, and Hermione), to the ambiguous Severus Snape, the wise mentor figure of Albus Dumbledore, bumbling Hagrid with his love of nasty creatures, prim and reserved Professor McGonagall, evil incarnate Voldemort, Draco Malfoy, etc.<br/> Along the way, we learn that Voldemort is after a magical artifiact called the Philosopher's Stone (which was, unfortunately, changed from the UK original title to "Sorcerer's Stone" in all other regions). So much of the novel is driven by the three main characters defending this stone from Voldemort. The book is engaging with its imagery, humor, plot twists and real-life child problems. The book doesn't only appeal to children but adults as well. She's a master on fantasy. She really can, with no difficulty at all, think herself back to 11 years old. You will love the whimsical descriptions, humorous quotes and the fun characters.<br/>This book was much fun to read. Very enjoyable. the writing is fabulous and the story line is also exceptional. It is probably the best book i have ever read. Overall very good i would recommend it basically to anyone who wants a good story. This is, without a doubt, one of the BEST books I have read in my life! I LOVE anything dealing with fantasy and/or humor, so I hardly put this book down when I started reading it! This book ranks up there with any of Roald Dahl's dark kids' books. My dad and my mom are going to read it, too, and I gave a copy to my best friend. I can't wait for Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets to be published in the USA! Take my advice: If you haven't read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, then you haven't read anything yet! I think Harry Potter is a great character. I like the word "muggle" and I think it might become an ordinary word. My favorite chapter in Harry Potter was Quiddich - I wish it was a sport that was real. I liked it because it was a mix of sorcery and basketball. I was really lucky becauses my mom got a hold of the second book which is only out in England, but soon will be in America. I will give you a little hint. Harry Potter and his friend fly in a car and get in trouble. I can't wait until the third book comes out. Reminiscent of T.H. White's The Sword in the Stone, this lovely book captures one's imagination and sets off on a fantastical adventure. Equally appealing to adults and children, it weaves an intricate world that is pleasant to visit even though evil lurks and must be avoided at many turns. It's biggest fault is that it ends much too soon!
 This book is absolutely gorgeous. The pictures on each page are incredible and really help support the story. This is waiting under the Christmas tree for my 4.5 year old son and I can't wait for him to open it so we can share it together!
 I wholeheartedly recommend this book.  A strange comment for me to say considering that the subject matter would not be one that I would typically select. I was moved to purchase "The Sorcerer's Stone" because the Harry Potter series has been such a huge hit with people of all ages around the world. There must be a reason for that and I was curious to discover what that reason might be. It is, in fact, the writer, who has an amazing gift for keeping the story moving and surprising the audience in unexpected ways throughout the book. I am about to purchase book two in the series and can't wait to begin experiencing more of "Harry Potter."
 These stories never grow old!  I thought I was too old to read the series, having purchased the complete set for my daughter fifteen years ago.  When my daughter suggested that I read the books, I ordered the first and was hooked ever since.  I am a late-bloomer Harry Potter fan.
 This may be my favorite of the Harry Potter early books because of the depth of the character development and the backstory.  If I had to pick three of the books, for anyone to read, it would be this, HP and the Half Blood Prince, and HP and the Deathly Hallows.<br/><br/>All of her books are well written, but this shows so much heart, and illuminates so much of the histories of her characters.  Don't miss it.
 Amazing
 Item came in perfect condition!
 My son likes it too much
 I received what I ordered within 1 week in perfect condition and was exactly as<br/>it was described.  I was very pleased overall from the ordering process to receiving the merchandise.
 Was in good condition.
 I absolutely love this book! Harry Potter will always be my favorite wizard! You can't go wrong with a Harry Potter book!
 This book was missing something, and even today I still don't know what it is. I think the reason I didn't like this book as much as the others is because it didn't have the Harry Potter type adventure. That's what I loved about the other books and it didn't have it the way it used to. I was dissapointed in it.
 I liked this one because I got a little more of Sirius. Albeit, it does come to a sad end, but he quickly becomes my favorite character even though he's not a main character.  I also enjoy the  Lupin/Tonks budding complications. It's enjoyable. The characters have beautiful depth. Things are getting very serious.
 I've always loved this book, and I love being able to take it with me
 Love it love it love it!!!
 Excellent book, I hope my son likes as much as I did when it came out (now I got for him the Spanish version)
 Our grandson loved it.  It's fun when the youngsters are able to read books by themselves and become totally engrossed in the story.
 The kindle version of this book is formatted well. I won't review the book itself because everyone knows it is awesome.
 Extremely useful to practice my Arabic
 Harry Potter are books that captures the reader. Once you started on the first one, you just wanna have more...
 Love Harry Potter
 It's so much better than the movie.
 Excellent.
 The product I bought from amazon was Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, and it is in great condition it looks like I just bought it right off the bookshelf at a book store. I am very pleased with my purchase!
 I've always liked the Harry Potter audio books (along with the paperbacks).  It's really great to have something to take me back to when I was younger.
 I bought this book for my grandson who is 15 years old and learning Latin for the first time.  He thought it was neat although I can't tell you if he has read much of it yet.  He is a great Harry Potter fan and is now taking his first class in Latin.  I think it will be fun for him after he knows a few more Latin words.  This is for children and teens who are interested in language, enjoy learning new words, and want to be prepared in English and Romance Languages. I also believe that Dr. Seuss or Winnie-thePooh in Latin would be perfect for a beginner.
 Thanks! My wife loves it!
 The Harry Potter books have a reputation for getting even reluctant readers to read, and it proved to be true in this case. I bought this book for a 9 year old boy who mostly doesn't enjoy reading. After he actually started it he finished it quickly and asked for Book 2.
 I am hoping to practice my Chinese reading with a book I am very familiar with so I chose Harry Potter of Course. It has been really useful! This is a great copy!
 Gave as a gift and they loved it
 The author paints a very good written picture.
 Fast shipment.  Accurate description.
 Beautiful book.
 It arrived in a timely manner and in the exact quality that was posted. Thank you very much! Now I can read the entire series again! :)
 Fantastic
 Great book, great quality.
 This is truly an outstanding book, as is the whole series. The audiobook is one do the most well done I have ever heard!
 My Granddaughter loves it
 satisfied customer!
 My son loves listening to these at night before bed! Pricey tho!!!
 As a lifelong Harry Potter fan, I was absolutely ecstatic to find that an illustrated version of the series was being created. There is so much absolutely beautiful artwork that manages to capture the very essence of the magical world! However, the description is a bit misleading; a lot of pages don't really have artwork and instead are decorated with smudges and dots. That being said, this is a very beautiful book that I recommend ❤️
 Love that they now have illustrated versions of the Harry Pottery novels so younger kids can read them.  We gave this to our grandson for his birthday.  He is 7.  He had to read the book before his parents let him watch the movie.  He had help with the reading of course, but the illustrations were necessary to keep his attention.
 I am very satisfied with this book 100percent. It has done more than meeting my expectation. i recommend it for others interested in these books as well
 I thought this was a fabulous book because it was so adventures and what is happening changes a lot. I can compare this book to The Colossus Rises by Peter Lerangis.
 Item arrived on time and as described.
 What can one say, but amazing.
 enjoyed this part of the saga. Had interesting info and helped develop the storyline as to another year at Hogwarts.
 Like all Harry Potter books, this book is very entertaining. A great read. Children and adults alike will love it.
 It's just wonderful
 nothing like them
 That is the question on everyone's mind for Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts. The Tri-wizard tournament is at Hogwarts this year and Harry's bad luck has struck again. Now he's has to battle dragons, merpeople, and mazes stocked full of monsters to survive, all while trying solve the mystery of who entered his name and why. A exciting read!
 Love the feel of the new covers and the art is great too!  As always a great book and one of my favorites in the series.
 I love all of the Harry Potter books. If you haven't read them give it try. These are very engaging, wonderfully descriptive books. Created by the brilliant words displayed upon each page you are allowed to travel into the wizarding world alongside Harry.  Pick up one of these books for a good read and stay for the amazing adventure. Thank you J.K. Rowling.
 Best series I have ever read. I thoroughly enjoyed this novel and the other novels in the series. Thank you
 Amazing book!!!
 delivered in great shape
 It's just amazing!
 I love Harry Potter and this is my second time reading the series. However, I am very annoyed with this version of the book. The page numbers are way off. There are not 247 pages in this kindle book. In fact, many of the page numbers duplicate. The book is actually over 600 pages.
 This book is so pretty! Really, really amazing. I have another two collections of Harry Potter books, but this one is very special. Everything, specially the jacket are pretty!
 I feel in love with HP as a teen-ager and find this book at the bookstore for over $40. I had to have it! I'm so gosh i checked Amazon first. I paid $23 for a book that really feels like it's worth twice that! Everything about it is well-done and beautiful. The layout, illustrations, bookmark, cover, it's all so perfect and such a great book to to your collection!
 The book came in great condition, no tears, no indents, and the spine was glued on well. The book looks fantastic, almost every page has some kind of drawing on it and is word for word like the original. I bought this as a gift and she loved it. Can't wait to get the next one.
 This book is awesome!!! This one is my favorite book out of all of them!!! I LOVE harry potter!!! But go hufflepuff!!!!!!
 This book is "Outstanding" and "Exceeds Expectations"!  The artwork is amazing and the quantity of it surprised me. Like others have said, it makes me feel like I did when I read it for the first time. And that is probably the best experience I ever felt reading a book. And I was in my 30s in 1999 when I first read it.
 Perfect...just like I was expecting!!!🙂🙂
 Good
 Amazing book. Amazing seller. Don't hesitate, go ahead purchase it!
 It's my dream to own every Harry Potter book in every language (even ones I won't ever be able to read XD). I am American, my wife is from England, and sadly it seems most of these original books are now crazy expensive. Fortunately she found her first one and then found the fourth book in a charity shop. Now I have the fifth too! :) Thanks!
 Book was as described and shipped promptly.
 Loved the new illustrations!
 Christmas Present for my Wife. She loves Harry Potter. This was a 1st Edition. Came as described. Mint!<br/>She Collects 1st Edition Copies. This was to replace her Paperback Copy.
 Seems that these books are getting harder to put down,  really enjoyed book three.<br/>Looking forward to diving into the next one! :)
 Beautiful pictures on almost every page make this the perfect gift for my nephew, who is in 1st grade.  The pictures are really beautifully drawn and are *not* knock-offs from the movie but are based on the descriptions in the book.  I highly recommend this book!
 just read it
 Every Harry Potter fan knows the book; one of the very best of the Potter Series.  As with the rest, Jim Dale does a fantastic job with the performanace.  I have listened to his reading of all 7 unabridged books over and over when I commute or go on road trips.  They are simply wonderful!
 I love the book, but I wish I had known that this edition (ISBN 043965548X) does not have Mary GrandPre's chapter illustrations. Then I would have bought the other edition (ISBN 0439136369).<br/><br/>I just wanted let the other customers know.
 This is the 3rd in the series that I have listened to. Jim Dale does an excellent job of reading and interpreting the Harry Potter books. You have a hard time believing all those voices are his!
 if you like adventure and mystery, this is a great series of books to read! The books really take you to a place the movies can't. Highly recommend finding your inner fun spirit
 My favorite HP. Had to have it in hardcover. Thanks for the quick shipment.
 Great book!!
 As far as the book, I wasn't a fan originally, in fact I wondered what the big deal was. So I rented tg e first movie ehen it came out and I was hooked. As with every book to movie though, the book is far better and with more details.  I love the series and would recommend the book to any one of any age.
 My 10 year old daughter LOVED it!
 I purchased a copy of Harry Potter and The Goblet Of Fire, and was under the impression that it was a United Kingdom Bloomsbury first edition upon receiving the book although it is a Bloomsbury publication it is a Canadian first edition, first print. This type of confusion could be avoided if book sellers were required to state these specifics or provide a clear photo of the copyright page in the book being offered.
 Really nice !!!!!!!!!!!
 I love this. The artwork is beautiful and it make sharing a story that I love with my 5 year old son easier. He loves pointing out the characters he recognizes and telling me about each picture. I hope they complete the series in this fashion so I can share the whole story with him. I would recommend this to any Potterhead or any child looking to find a bit of magic in the world. This just proves that Hogwarts is always there to welcome you home, always!
 Very long, but worth the time!
 Even the most casual HP fan deserves to have this. For a diehard, it’s a must. Crazy beautiful illustrations bring the pages to life. I can’t wait to read these versions with my kids. (And my husband, who is not a fan at all, boo on him I know, said he might even be willing to give the books another shot with this version. Yay!)
 My big cousin just started reading the books after loving the movies. I told her she would love the books better. Its a switching game we play. She got me into Stephen King Books. I got her into Harry Potter. It arrived in Pristine condition. Spines weren't cracked. Fresh, like off the presses. It arrived in about the time expected.
 Super fast delivery to my granddaughter! Very pleased.
 Shipping was great. We ordered it for a gift. They loved it
 The merchant claimed the product was "As New", but the paper container was very smashed up and rubbed out.  I listened to the tapes and they did not seem to be damaged.  The story, which is one of the best of the series, is great and still interesting for persons of all ages, including children.
 Amazing book
 Rowling is obviously an incredible author. my favorite book of themselves so far. things start coming together and the overall story really starts
 Great book for any age. Definitely a must read for anyone, especially readers who are ready for the next step up in chapter books. Harry's story and the people in it plus the scenarios flourish off the pages and come to life. Please read them; the movies are great, but the story is not justified until you open the book and read it for yourself!
 My 9 year old granddaughter and I are reading this together two days a week. She is a huge Harry Potter Fan and also belongs to a Harry Potter Book club at school. The print on the page is a little smaller than I would have liked for our reading along but the story is so much fun! We have not finished this book but anticipation for the next chapter is always exciting for her and she often wants us to read "just a little longer" each day!
 Oh how I love the Harry Potter world.<br/><br/>Back when the movies were out I read books 1 &amp; 7. I loved book 7 and was "meh" about book 1. But picking them up again to finish reading the whole series I am enjoying them so much more than I did initially.<br/>Rowling makes such lovable characters! There are so many books I wanted to read this month and instead I find myself spending all my reading time on Harry Potter books.<br/><br/>A great addicting read. Better than the first two books I'd say. I loved Lupin and Crookshanks the most. And I especially loved the last chapter of this book.<br/>There is much in the book that is not in the movie, so it's worth a read even if you've seen all the films.
 Beautifully illustrated.
 Can't go wrong with Potter for a gift for a early teen.  She loved this book and finished it in no time because she couldn't put it down.
 I LOVE this book. The illustrated version was so fun to read.
 Exactly as described and arrived in a timely matter.
 I would give this 100 stars if I could. It's so beautiful, perfect for a huge Harry Potter fan. I love the little details in the pictures, and its just so beautifully done with the cover and place-holding ribbon. The binding doesn't seem super strong (I hope it doesn't fall apart), but it is definitely worth buying!!! And 40% off of what you'd pay in a bookstore! Best Amazon purchase I've ever made.
 Excelente!!!
 One of the best in the series!
 I Love The Harry Potter Books SEVERUS SNAPE Was Always My Favorite Character. The Illustrations Are Fantastic. I Am Going to Purchase the Entire Set In this Illustrsted series. These Books are Beautifully Illustrated. They Are A Treasure If You,er A Harry Potter Fan You Must Get These Beaytiful Books With All Your Favorite Characters .
 The fifth book in the series is not a dissapointment.  I highly doubted(before reading Half-Blood Prince) that another HP book would be as good as this one.  If you're on the fence about it...well I don't know whats wrong with you, ITS GREAT!  Buy Buy Buy!
 This book is beautiful. Of course I'm a fan of the series and I know the content is good, but the illustrations are a really great touch. I bought it so I can read it to my kids as they get older, as a way to introduce them to Harry Potter before they can read it on their own--I'm hoping to sit down with my almost 6 year old soon and start to go through it, and this is the best way! I hope more come out!
 Fantastical!
 I am so thrilled, and beyond, to have this version of the book. It's Harry Potter, so obviously you know the book is good, but the pictures are stunning! The artwork is on every page, anything from full page landscapes to tiny potion splatters, there are beautiful touches with every turn. I love this new edition and hope to give it as a gift to my fellow HP lovers!
 shipped really fast! love it! can't wait to get more from this series (i'm trying to get them all in the original covers, so nostalgic) great quality!
 As much as the first book caught my attention and pulled me into a world filled with unique characters, as well as each book had an impact on me. I learned lide lessons was pulled along on the same adventures, laughed, cried, felt the tension and horror the characters felt as Rowling painted such a vivid and intense world.
 I love it
 Loved it!
 Loved it!
 Reading the book is much more fun than watching the movie.Details makes the book more interesting.I highly recommend this book.
 At first I didn't want to spend so much money, given you can buy the paperback for much, much less. But this is totally worth it, especially if it's for a child. I've been reading it with a 7yo, about half a chapter each day, and it's excellent. He looks forward to it each day, and the awesome illustrations keep up the excitement.
 I am a die hard HP fan and I love this edition. Very happy with this purchase. Thanks Amazon.
 Great
 I love this book!!!
 What can I say, this book is perfection. The Illustrations made this book come to life almost more than the movies. I love reimagining the world, Hogwarts and the characters. It is a must have for any Harry Potter fan. I plan on rereading the series and I'm going to read from the illustrated versions instead. I plan on buying all 7
 I bought this to read to my (yet to be born) son so I can share the magic that shaped my childhood with him and I am so pleased with it. The print is large and the illustrations are phenomenal! I cannot wait to immerse my son in a world of magic! So thrilled to see how the rest of these turn out so he can have the entire collection!
 Great condition
 I like this book more that some of the others because you really see that the series is starting to mature and grow into a darker story. I also enjoy that this book is sort of the eye of the storm in the series where you see very little of the dark wizards and miss out on Voldemort altogether.
 The book itself is fantastic, that goes without saying, but the audio CD as read by Jim Dale takes you on a unique adventure that truly brings the story to life.
 Beautiful illustrations!  My kids are so excited to start reading it!
 What fun to see these pages come to life!  I love these books and can read/listen (audio) to them over and over.  I never get tired of this story.  The illustrations were the first step in bringing more life to the story, and this animated version makes me smile. :)  I hope amazon continues on with the whole series like this.
 Very well done illustration. Book is very nice
 I thought i would receive  a book with the cover on it, i was kinda disappointed  about that (though i understand it's a recycled book.). But, the book itself is in perfect condition and was a bargain for the money. Arrived on time as well which is always a plus.
 This book on CD came very fast in the mail. It was in perfect shape. No scratches on the CD  or bending of the box. Very easy to listen to. I would recommend this product.
 My daughter loves this book. We got this for her 8th birthday.  This book has so many beautiful illustrations that feed her imagined sense of the world JK Rowling created.  The book is large, so for a kid my daughter's age, it takes up her entire lap, or her whole pillow space while opened.  It has a strong ribbon bookmark attached to the spine so your kid will never lose their place or be forced to keep the book open face down when they go to get a snack.
 5star Grand top notch super terrific awesome fantastic and a lot more information about the great book and I am looking forward to read the next one.
 If you love the book, you'll love it even more on CD.  Jim Dale is brilliant through all of this series.
 Excelent book. Excelent series for any generation.
 this was the best harry potter book in the series. i felt like this revealed way more information and insight into key characters such as dumbledore and hermine and luna. this was a fun book and light hearted unlike the later ones.
 Exactly as described.
 This book is amazing. The illustrations are wonderful and perfect, and somehow managed to capture the characters and places exactly how I imagined them when I first read the book 18 years ago. (Ok, that is ridiculous and how is it even possible it has been that long?) They don't seemed to be influenced by the movies, and that is part of what makes it so so wonderful. Everyone who is a fan of Harry Potter should own a copy. I cannot wait until the later books come out.
 As a professional adult I thought that it was crazy when someone recommended this series to me. I thought these books/movie was for children and would in no way captivate an adult. How wrong I was! I love these books and find it hard to put one down! I would tell anyone who is as skeptical as I was to go for it - you won't regret it!
 I love the book an amazon always perfect. thanks
 My 9 year old son is an advance reader and he is really enjoying this book. Make reading an essential part of your kids lives.
 Loved it
 LOVED Harry growing up and have been eagerly awaiting being able to read it to my three year old daughter. The illustrations are gorgeous, I've been reading it to her each night and she passes out prior to finishing a page! But I'm taking that as it's working :) So happy to share such an integral part of my adolescence with my babes.
 Beautiful illustrations.
 Greate
 Harry Potter is a fantastic Fantasy/Science Fiction series. (If you didn't already know this, you must have been under a rock all of your life). If you haven't read these books, don't wait a second longer. READ THEM! They're absolutely wonderful. Rowling's writing style quickly enraptures and draws you into the story, and each book will only leave you dying to find out what happens next.
 Awesome
 Impressed with quality of product sent by the seller.  Have always loved this book!
 Harry Potter really comes alive with Dale's reading of the story.  My wife and I enjoyed casually listening to the story while spending time on other activities.  It is a great way to recapture the story!
 This book was a great pick me up for my Harry Potter fan-boy nerdom. The illustrations are so gorgeous and well done, especially since J.K. Roweling herself commissioner them. And even if she doesn't like my views on life and politics, or we don't see eye to eye on many things. I still respect her and her story more than ever. If you're a true fan of Harry Potter, or just someone who wants to introduce the story to their kids, nephews, nieces, or even adults new to the story. Then, this version of HP will give you all that you need, plus a new way to visit the story of our beloved character. Take a chance, and start adding these amazing books to your collection today, before they run out!
 This book is absolutely gorgeous, I can not wait to start reading it to my 6 and 7 year old kids. I love the Harry Potter books growing up and I just recently have read them again. The illustrations are great and my kids have already looked at some of the pictures and can't wait to start. The quality of this book is great
 My daughter was absolutely over the moon with this book.
 Nice book, like new, I am happy with my purchase.  The book has the dust cover and is in great shape.
 My grandchildren and students wanted me to read Harry Potter.  I am a Special Education teacher in a girls' high school and my students are fantastic.  I adore my grandchildren and my students, so when they were all begging me to become "Potter-literate", I took up reading the series with one of my granddaughters.  I borrow the books from my grandchildren and read them, then return them.  Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix came to me in sorry condition, and only got worse.  I felt so bad that I replaced it with this new copy and kept the old one for myself.  It may not be my usual reading fare, but it's very entertaining and imaginative.  A new copy of the book for a family of 7 children was a great gift, and all the kids (except for the 5 month old and the 4 year old) were very happy and appreciative.  Great book and very enjoyable, though not quite up there with the likes of Michener, Shakespeare, and the like.  It's rollicking good fun and now my grandchildren and students can relate on a whole new level now.
 LOVE J.K. Rowling and all the Harry Potter books. I was so excited to see this version come out and I really love it. The artwork is great and I think it will help to inspire a whole new generation of Potterheads! Look forward to the eventual release of all 7 books so I can enjoy re-reading each story and one day share them with my kids.
 Read this book over 10 years ago and now just read it again after watching all the movies. Still in love with the story, the characters, the quality of the writing and the way most details strings to the plot in a meaningful way.  I can't wait to read it all again in a few years once my sons are old enough!
 This audio book is wonderful with great narration! The Harry Potter books are narrated by Jim Dale- he is AMAZINGLY FANTASTIC! The characters have their own voices and you know who is talking before he tells you as you learn the sounds of the character's voices! AND- Mr. Dale keeps this continuity throughout all the novels. Well Done!
 I love the first book. My students who are too young to remember the first books enjoyed it as well.
 Little too long, but it is amazing!
 One of my favorites!!  =D
 ok
 Awesome book!
 Beautiful book!
 I am a student of Spanish &amp; was so pleased to find a book I've read in English translated to Spanish!!!
 Amazon makes you leave a heading and a comment so I am typing this up to say its a good product and does what it says. If you are reading this, buy it. I don't leave 5 stars unless the product exceeds my demanding expectations. If it falls short of doing 100% of what it says, I leave 1 star.
 Exactly what I wanted when heading back to college. Needed a readable copy and got exactly that. I recommend them!
 No dust jacket
 I love this series and HP is the best. I actually do not like the 5th book as much as the latter two. I feel that the plot takes a long time to get to the action. It seems that it spends so much time with drama in Hogwarts and it takes a while to get to the juicy part. Great book though.
 I've always tried to remember what I thought the characters would look like before the movies came out and these illustrations just bring JK's description to life! Love the different medium. Great book. Very large letters if young kids were wanting to read. I also like the little attached string for the bookmark. Can't wait til Chamber of Secrets is released!
 A little torn aroung the edges, but still was a good read.
 I love this book! It is my least favorite out of the Harry Potter series - only for the fact that I absolutely HATE Umbridge! I also get aggravated with Harry a little bit in this book. But I LOVE the book and it is a must read. Obviously, you have to read the whole series and this book is a huge part of the series!!
 Good
 I remember reading the first book and just not being able to put it down, being totally absorbed by the story and invested in the characters.  Years later, here I am, watching my daughter's eyes light up as her mind catches fire with the same intensity mine did all those years ago.  Her excitement and passion for the books draws me back into the magical world Rowling created; and it feels a bit like coming home, or visiting the relatives on holidays.  Out of the series, this is not the best of the lot; it's not even the second or third.  What is it is, though, is the bones of the story, the foundation and the beginning.  This is a book that my daughter and I have bonded over, that lead to more books and discussions on characters we are coming to love or loathe.  This series of books will be read for many generations.  Of that, there is no doubt.  Rowling is a master at her craft, which I believe is universally acknowledged.<br/><br/>This is the book in which you pick up your Team Harry flag.  You know Harry.  You understand him and want desperately what he wants--a place, a feeling, a sense of belonging.  You want that, and you believe in him, right up to the very end.  I love these books and love how obsessed my daughter has become.  I manage to avoid spoilers, although I do twitch a bit when I hear her dog on Snape.
 By now pretty much everyone has heard of Harry Potter and knows what a good series it is. If you're a fan, or you're getting a child their first copy, I would strongly recommend getting this one. Even though I already own copies of the books, I plan on buying the full set of these as they're released because to me the plentiful high quality illustrations are completely worth it.
 My favorite book of all time.
 Loved it
 My book came in great shape and did not surprise me in any way (I've had waaay too many bad surprises, hah).  Condition was great, shipping was great, I'm glad to have exactly what I wanted.
 Fast shipping. Exactly what was promised.
 I bought this book for my 10 year old daughter. She loves Harry Potter and was very intrigued by the idea of illustrations. The book did not disappoint. The drawings are lovingly done and very consistent with the story. The text is true to the original. The book has a nice weight and the paper is a nice thickness. Your Harry Potter fan will not be disappointed.
 This is third book from this great Saga, we meet Sirius black, Remus lupin and peter is this great, they are super!!!
 Could not put it down!!!
 Great read!!
 Ok
 It was just what wanted
 I really enjoy this book.  I give it a 5 stars review.  I look forward to reading J.K.  Rowling 's other Harry potter books!!!!!!!
 This book is in great condition and is hard cover. This product was very good and is a great story.
 This is a great book! I had read the first two books in the series, but this was the one that really hooked me on Harry Potter! Since I was a preteen when this book came out, I only got the paperback. Since then I had acquired all of the other books in the series in hardback, except for this one, so I was very excited to get it for such a great price! If you haven't read this book or the HP series, you definitely should!
 Took a little while to come as I'm in Seattle and the sender was in Japan, but the book came in perfect condition. It's a slow read since I am using it to help me study Japanese, and perhaps I should've waited until I knew more kanji, but having read the books in English and knowing what happens already helps a bit with figuring out certain kanji but the harder kanji does have furigana on the side to make it a bit easier to look up.
 Good
 I purchased this book hoping my child will like harry potter without being intimidated with just text.  At first glance, this is a very well illustrated and a book that is well constructed.  It looks and feels expensive and I was glad I was able to purchased this edition.  I highly recommended it for any Harry Potter fans.
 it came and looked just like they said.
 This is my least favorite of the Potter's, even though it introduces two of my favorite characters, Sirius Black and Lupin. The story feels a little forced and is a bit burdensome at times. The movie stream lines it down a bit better. An enjoyable read, just not a favorite.
 Best book yet
 Great for car rides
 Great for car rides
 Love everything about it!
 Love it
 This book is an amazing combination of romance, comedy, action, and adventure. It made me jump, and i hope who ever reads it, enjoys it because of how breathtaking it is.
 This was exactly what I expected. the book was in great condition. No markings, and the binding was good. Awesome
 My daughter loves it.
 excellent book for my son
 Excellent
 Excelent!!
 Harry Potter's adventure leads us once more with twists and surprises. A great read for everyone in the family. I cannot wait for the next adventure.
 This book was the starting of my deep love of reading. I started a 11 and if it were not for this book, I would not have read nearly as much.
 No one is reading a review of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix if they aren't already in love with the Harry Potter series. Me, I started with the movies, and only read the books later, with my son. The Harry Potter books were the first books he actually wanted to read. They're way too hard for him, with lots of long words, frustratingly used as gerunds and adverbs all the time just to make them longer.<br/><br/>J.K. Rowling is not a particularly great wordsmith. She's too wordy. Some of her sentences are too convoluted. She's only average at descriptions. In Order of the Phoenix, Rowling is finally hitting her stride as a writer. It's much smoother than her earlier books.<br/><br/>Rowling has obviously read a lot about magic. Her magic has a sense of whimsy that contrasts with the dark battle between Harry and Voldemort. She's also clearly been imagining this magical world since she was five, and it has great depth and breadth, kind of like Tolkein's world. Harry finally gets the girl in Phoenix, and Rowling writes these passages with wonderful empathy and understanding that might help teenage readers understand (or at least relate to) their own first loves.<br/><br/>There's a lot of action swirling around in Phoenix. The book makes it more understandable than the movie did (duh). It's been very good reding in 30-45 minute chunks, passing the book back and forth to my 11-year-old. Partway through, my wife started asking us to read with her too. Yay, books for the win!
 Goblet of Fire is the last of the well-written Potters... barely.  J.K. Rowlings is an adequate author, but starting with Goblet, her writing became more and more verbose.  The Potter series are brilliant stories poorly told.  After the vast success of the first three books, I suspect that no editor dared to actually edit Ms. Rowlings. Hence, the books got longer... if it could be said in one sentence, Ms. Rowlings invariably used ten.  In addition, there is apparently no adverb not beloved (and overused) by this author.  After loyally buying and reading the Potter books to my kids, I gave up after this one.  The writing had just deteriorated too much.  But we wanted to know what happened to Harry, so we saw the movies.  It's a sad, sad day when the movie is better than the book!  My advice is to enjoy the first three books; then get the movies for the rest. -- Felicia Rose Levitt, author of "The Road to Aradell: A Sexy, Complicated Love Story."
 I got this book today. It is gorgeous! The pictures bring the Harry Potter book to life. The details in this book is  very visual and colorful. This book will be great for children who have yet to experience the series. This will be good as  a read aloud for children. I cannot wait for the other 6 books in the series. Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix is going to be massive! I recommend this book to anyone who loves Harry Potter wether you grew up with the series in the late 90's, you watched the movies, or are a newcomer to the fandom. You will not be disappointed in this product. You have done it again J.K Rowling. Take all my money.
 Excellent
 Bought this to read on an airplane, but ended up plowing through it before the trip even started.
 Great set! Loved the book, and the discs are a great way to enjoy the story when I'm on the go!
 I bought the entire Harry Potter series of books and the tapes that go with them. I could not get my child with ADHD to sit down and read anything at home or school. I sent him to school with the book, tape and headphones. This way when they had silent reading time he actually could focus and learn. His reading grades went up significantly.
 Fantastic Read! you will get lost in your own imagination.
 Good contidions
 Greatest ever series.
 It's a good series. The box was damaged.
 I've been wanting to purchase the Harry Potter books for awhile but I didn't want to pay a fortune! Found them on Amazon for super cheap. Some people are concerned that since they are paperback they won't last, but as long as you're not throwing the books around and taking care of them they hold up very well! Purchased this book once, and then bought it again for my little brother when he wanted to start reading the series!
 Love this book!
 Great price!
 Easy read.
 Illustrations are fabulous!
 Simply amazing!
 My loved it
 I ordered this for a Chinese student who can not read English. She looked so lonely that I had to get her something to read! I understand she loves it.
 It's beautiful. Every fan should have it.
 Excellent condition
 Great book!
 This stunningly illustrated edition is the perfect way to introduce and engage younger children to the Harry Potter series. The text is the original and is unabridged, so one can still immerse young children in the richer language and storytelling, while the beautiful illustrations hold their attention. I went through this book with my 6 year old son, but we easily could have tackled this book at a younger age for him. Although he's ready for the original unillustrated editions, I will continue to purchase the illustrated copies as they're released, for our enjoyment, and for my 3 year old.
 We love the Harry potter stories in this house, and it's great that they added some details to the pages, but am a little disappointed that there were not a little more pictures, big or small, scattered throughout the book. It's nice for a hard back but I veil it's really only worth around $15, not the 20 or 30 is going for.
 Hats off to J.K Rowling
 The illustrations in this book are absolutely stunning and because the book is so large the pictures are displayed large enough to see all of the detail.  My kids enjoy when I read this to them because now they have visual references! As a huge Harry Potter lover, this book is a must to own.  I cannot wait for the other to be released.
 Loved it!
 LOVE!!!
 My 10 year old is now moving onto book 5!  He never wanted to put it down!
 nice
 I fell for these books years ago, and I have read them and reread them countless of times. I now own all of them in two languages. Harry Potter will never die
 Loved every page
 my son loves it.. Already finished it
 From here on the books takes a very dark turn. In my opinion they no longer feel like 'children's' book. But they also get better and better. This book in particularly was not represented well with the movie as far as all the mysteries and interesting back stories they left out. Everything tied together in the end and made an even more shocking ending than in the third one. Again I highly recommend this book as well as every other book in the series. And if you're reading on be prepared for the 'dark and difficult times that lie ahead.'
 Just what I expected. There were no markings, the binding was good. All in all very satisfied with this book.
 Great book I can read this to my daughter.
 This series was my savior as a kid.  I bought this additional copy for a artistic project I am working on.  Think scrapbooking, but on the ceiling and walls.  Yea weird.  I do feel bad about vandalizing a book, but it is for a good purpose.  the chapter illustrations and popular sections of the book will make a great wallpaper
 All tapes are there and in good condition, thank you. Can't wait to finally hear all the books finally. Awesome!
 As an owner of the paperbacks, this edition was purchased for younger members of our family to begin reading in the Harry Potter universe.  However, the more we got into, the more we enjoyed this edition.  The graphics are beautiful, the binding and printing are fantastic and durable.  We fully intend to include the other editions in our collection as soon as they are available.  A must have for any Harry Potter fan, or to introduce new readers who aren't quite ready for strict chapter books to the universe.
 Yes thank you<br/>It's gray and on time
 Love this book
 Awesome book!
 It is beautiful and it came without any damage
 The illustrations are absolutely beautiful!
 When this first came out, we would bicker over whose turn it was to read it, we would send the children to bed early and take it from them leaving the adults to quarrel over it. Later on in the series we just got two copies of each book, which helped some.
 This book is beautifully illustrated.  I'm reading it with my kids.  I guess they only changed the word "philosopher" to "sorcerer" and didn't bother with changing any other Brit slang to American English.  Rubbish bin and all that.  Don't care, love it anyway. I'll buy the whole set over the years.
 happy with my purchase.
 Was happy with all aspects of the order and delivery.
 Great!
 Absolutely gorgeous!!!!  My 4 year old is obsessed with Harry Potter and this book was a reward for being such a great big sister.  She loves it, and it's the perfect balance between a fully illustrated children's book &amp; an all text book.  This book is the perfect book to help introduce your child to imaganitive reading!
 Cant stop retreading harry
 Great Book. Makes me relive my childhood.
 I am an adult and find myself returning to this young adult children classic over and over again. That is the sign of a good series, that you can read it over and over again.J.K. Rowling is really quite genius in her characterization, plot and storytelling. Can't get better than this.
 Thank you
 We love Harry Potter and the Amazon prices made it much easier to purchase all of the books. They all shipped fast and arrived in brand new condition. I would definitely recommend this book series and this company.
 Great book
 The fourth installment was good but a bit long. It seems to be greared to the more grown up reader. I loved it but my daughter found it a bit tedious to get through. Excellent story lines throughout and I can't wait to see how Book 5 is.
 I loved it all I can say is wow. I read it in thirteen days I was sad when I finished
 OK, Amazon shoppers. I'm not saying the BOOK is awful, but the way my daughter, son and I fight over it. My daughter had to start the Percy Jackson book series because her brother took so long on it. But my daughter sped through all the Percy Jackson series in less than a week. That's five books. I reccomend those as well as the Harry Potter.
 Great book to read for everyone
 Love it
 I absolutely love the illustration. This was a gift for my 9 year old niece. I have been trying to get her in to Harry Potter for a while, and I think this might have finally done the trick. I think I would have enjoyed reading it myself.
 If you haven't seen these versions of the Harry Potter series yet, you HAVE to check them out. Any Harry Potter fan will appreciate the amazing illustrations. Great for younger readers that still like to look at pictures and ideal for parents to read to kids. I love the Harry Potter Series and have bought all 3 so far for my kids.
 twas good
 Althought I loved the entire movie series, reading the books are much better!  This was a great start on the journey!
 My girlfriend loves to listen to this anytime she is in the car.  The narrator does a great job of voicing the different characters.
 Book arrived in less than one week and was in good condition. The paper cover was even in good shape. Binding was not broke down at all. My daughter was very happy!
 Absolutely beautiful
 Love these books! I can't believe I never read these before but at the same time I'm so happy I managed to go my entire childhood without being spoiled by the movies so I can read these going in completely blind.<br/><br/>Hagrid is probably my favorite adult character, Hermione my favorite in the Potter trio!
 Beautiful book! Worth every penny for old fans and new fans alike.
 Five stars is nowhere near enough!
 After reading the first two, I definitely couldn't stop there.  The books start to progress slightly in reading levels as the characters are advancing in age.  A very good read!
 Great!! I love it so much! Favourite thing ever!! Recommend for anyone!
 I teach struggling readers at the middle school level, and our students have a strong preference for illustrated works.<br/><br/>The Harry Potter series has always been extremely friendly to reluctant readers, and the illustrations in this book are gorgeous. The book itself is gorgeous, printed on decent-quality paper with a fine hard red cover and a ribbon to mark one's place.<br/><br/>This book has proven to be a high-interest text in my classroom, and is a great 'gateway drug' to the Harry Potter universe and the fantasy genre.
 got it for my daughter, and it was perfect.
 as a harry potter fan  - I LOVE THIS BOOK!! XXX
 The binding was a little worn but the book was intact and came on the promised time!
 I'm pleased
 Book was as described and shipped promptly.
 Beautifully illustrated!
 Oh my goodness, this book is everything and more. There's nothing new I can bring to this review that someone else hasn't already said BUT I'm so happy to finally put a face to Peeves. I've been waiting my while life to see that little brats face. :)
 I LOVE THE HARRY POTTER SERIES!!! I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE AND EVERYONE!!! (GRYFFINDORS ALL SING "WEASLEY IS OUR KING!!!!!!")
 Perfect!
 Just as described!
 I love this cover and art. I'm a crazy harry potter fanatic. The best part is the cover feels waterproof
 This item arrived on time and in great shape.  I can't wait to give it to my wife.  She is going to love it!
 This item arrived on time and in great shape.  I can't wait to give it to my wife.  She is going to love it!
 I ordered this book for my niece who is just getting to the age that she can read and appreciate this wonderful series. The book has far more illustrations than I imagined. There is a unique and beautiful illustration on each and every page. Each illustration really helps to bring the story to life in a new way.
 We LOVE the newly illustrated edition of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone!!! My kids are five and seven, this was their first time hearing the book read aloud. The wonderful pictures greatly added to the story for them. We stayed up late every night this month reading it together until we finished.
 Purchased for my grandson.  He loves Harry Potter.
 I LOVE this book! I own the books on paper and audio book as well. As a Ravenclaw, I know books. The colors in this are rich, the pages are glossy,'and the quality is great. Each page is adorned with graphics, whether ink blots or illustrations. They are so beautiful. I cannot wait to own the full series.
 Best book of the whole serious. Packed with keeping you on the edge of your seat. Favorite book! Can't wait for the next one!
 Loved it.
 Only 3 pages had a very small fold in the upper corner, took less than 30 seconds to bend them back.  Book jacket is flawless as well as the cover.  Thank you so much!
 Excellent job
 Great book! Great service!
 I ordered this book used/very good condition for my daughter. When the book came it smelled of smoke.  I e-mailed GREAT BOOKS and they promptly sent another book is wonderful condition.  GREAT BOOKS - Great customer service - great find.<br/>JB
 I can't even begin to say enough good things about this product! First and foremost I am a huge Harry Potter fan, so take that into account. I have small children and tried to start reading the original chapter books to them but the attention span was not working in my favor. The pictures in this book are great and really give my kids something to focus on, a nice picture to go along with the story. Money well spent!
 The text is the original British text though the title is the American title.<br/>I know many people are familiar with the American audio books read by Jim Dale; if you want to hear the British audio books search for Stephen Fry Harry Potter Audiobook. If you can't find them on the American Amazon website, just change your store to Canada or UK and order from there.<br/><br/>The illustrations are amazing. Each page has some form of art, even if it's just ink stains on parchment. I like that the art isn't based on the movie since I read the books long before the movies came out and had my own versions of what the characters looked like. I especially like the illustrations of Hagrid on the motorbike, it fits my image of what Hagrid must have looked like on a standard size motorcycle.<br/><br/>My copy of the book had some scratches on the cover and a couple of the pages had pinhole head size holes in them which was disappointing. I assume this happened during storage at the warehouse or while being packaged/shipped. The book had no padding or protection in the shipping box so the corners are a bit dented as well. But I am viewing the book, not Amazon's storage/shipping inadequacies so I didn't take a star off of the rating. (A local b&amp;m store had it stock this afternoon and their copies looked undamaged.)<br/><br/>The book is large, be aware of the dimensions in the description; the later books will be even thicker at the same width/length dimensions. It will take up quite a bit of space on your bookshelf or an entire nightstand by itself. It is heavy to hold as well, meant more as a story book you hold on your lap at home, not something you will want to carry around or hold up while you're reading it. The text is in two columns, not the traditional page formatting most of us are probably familiar with. I find the text formatting contributes to it's nighttime storybook feel admirably.<br/><br/>I will most assuredly purchase the rest of the illustrated series, regardless of how much bookshelf space it takes!
 Probably the best way to experience the Harry Potter story.
 The first cassette was damaged, but other than that, so far so good!
 I could rate the book as a great piece of fiction, but who doesn't already know that when looking up a Harry Potter book? I bought this recently as a gift to complete a collection, and it came in great condition with the same cover that matches the original hardcover editions. Perfect to complete the set!
 Another great audio book to add to my HP collection!
 can't put the book down
 Makes bedtime stories even better for the kids.
 ok
 I have always loved Harry Potter. I purchased this as a replacement for my original, which was lost in a move. It is a must have for the collection and by far my favorite in the series.
 Got this for my grandson.  He liked it
 This item arrived on time and in great shape.  I can't wait to give it to my wife.  She is going to love it!
 Jim Dale is an excellent reader, doing a very good job with coming up with different voices for all the characters.  If you enjoy Harry Potter, these CD's will really help those long car trips.
 Beautiful hardcover, I purchased one for myself a few weeks ago and have since decided to buy another copy for my little sister. The illustrated edition opens the series up to a younger audience so that they can take it a chapter at a time. I'm very impressed with Kay's work. This makes a great gift or addition to any Potterhead's collection.
 Everything was great
 I read the books in high school and I had just borrowed them from my neighbor. When Deathly Hallows Part 1 came to theathers I had wanted to reread all the books plus have them for my collection! So I began to buy them. :]
 An exceptional writer.  J.K. Rowling's  "Dickensenian"  descriptive abilities of the soico-historical environment is impressive.  She convinces the reader to believe in new worlds, new creatures, new human abilities, even while the rational self understands it is preposterous.  This read is outstanding, as are the other volumes.  I appreciated the simple optimism of the ending.
 Kappa
 It was very good
 nice shop
 couldn't put any of this series down. Great Stories
 Harry Potter has always been been a great read. So much excitement with every book. And roller coster of emotions and very addicting.
 Well, if your father can still quote the opening page of the Illiad in Greek from his old school days like mine can, you've got someone to give this to.  Admittedly, this is for a small group of interested parties, but it might also spark an interest in language in a bright youngster.  Reading something familiar in a new language is certainly one of the better ways to learn.
 AWESOME book!
 By far my favorite series ever. I've been enthralled for over 12 years now and they get better every time.
 Love this, hours of entertainment. Road trips fly by. Package go to my address with time to spare. Thanks Amazon!!
 Amazing!
 I read the books in high school and I had just borrowed them from my neighbor. When Deathly Hallows Part 1 came to theaters I had wanted to reread all the books plus have them for my collection! So I began to buy them. :]
 The illustrations are mesmerizing. I couldn't be happier with this purchase.
 It's awesome!!!
 Amazing
 Fiction at its finest.
 This book has great action and adventure! I would recommend this book to anyone over 5 and at this reading ability. ITS A GREAT READ! I have this book 5 stars because it was Amazing!!!
 So nice to drive and listen :)
 it is so intresting<br/>even to me 9 year old so amusing you need to read this amazing wonder full
 awesome as always
 👍
 Received as expected
 Love, love, love it!
 Beautiful!
 excellent choice for the harry potter collector,  keep in pristine condition<br/>great book  leather bound a must. keep collecting  i was going to buy thid on ebay  but the prices were double for the same book
 Amazing
 I love the book.  The only reason I gave 4 and not 5 stars is b/c the print in the book is huge.  I didn't realize this is what I was getting at the time but I would have preferred slightly smaller print.  It's great for younger kids though.
 Thanks fast delivery and great book!
 I've read the book many times, and I loved reading it again<br/>it was good to be able to read it
 It's good
 Very good
 Wonderful book for those who wish to distract their minds at night, when trying to sleep, and sleep you will with dreams that you dreamt; when still a kid. When no bills, no job, no relationships, and worries of main stream flickered in your mind that were non-existant.
 This was awesome in my early teens and just as good now at 28! Rereading the whole series just for fun!
 Great book to have for the rest of your life
 Love Harry Potter!
 By far my favorite of the series. Goblet of Fire put the gang through many trials and tribulations. Harry was tested so much, and with the introduction of He who shall not be named, I have a feeling that the subsequent books are going to get darker and scarier. Watching the charters grow is endearing.
 I really like it, the book is not new but he is very good
 The book skips from page 270 to page 543.  It  is then paginated in order to 590 and then goes back to 319.  The remainder of the book is paginated correctly but it is missing pages 271-318.  And, pages 543-590 are reprinted in the appropriate location.  This book was a Christmas gift so it is way past 30 days for return.  Who would think to check if all of the pages are printed in a book?  I guess I will check all the books I order from now on.
 Bought them for my grandson. He loves this series.
 excellent book, excellent artist is reading it, perfect sound truck.<br/>as good as previous harry potter audio books. hopefully next ones will be of the same quality
 A+
 This was very good book. I enjoyed the kindle format very much. I can't  wait to read the next book.
 Very enjoyable. Carries on the story of Harry Potter whose battle against evil sees him joining a band of people intent on stopping Voldemort despite the larger wizard community denying Voldemort's return. As the government of the wizard community clamps down on all talk of the Dark Lord's return the interference spreads even into Hogwarts and Harry must endure the suspicion of having made everything up. Meanwhile the Dark Lord's quest for a secret weapon causes great concern for the Order of the Phoenix and Harry again must prove himself.
 If you haven't bought this book yet, buy it now.<br/>Have all the original books and wanted to buy this to help my 3 and 6 year olds stay interested while I read them the stories I fell in love with. This is perfect to for that. The pages are beautiful, not a single page is left without illustrations.
 ❤️
 Harry clearly showed his immaturity by wanting in on everything that was going on and not getting along with Snape and getting kicked out of his Occlumancy lessons. He was told to go back and ask Snape if he could return and by not doing so it ended up getting his uncle killed, because of his then inability to keep Voldemart out.
 Wow! Wow, wow wow wow! Wow!  So, wow!<br/><br/>This arrived today, earlier than I expected.  I just took a flip through and was blown away.  It looks like I'll be buying the whole series over again as these are released.  Beautiful artwork, love the format.<br/><br/>Did I mention "Wow!"?
 speedy service, good quality, good reading material keep up the good work will be ordering more items form you for what I want to read.
 Ayy its pretty good
 The audio book was still in its original packaging. Love the book and great for commuting! Awesome price on a brand new product.
 This tape was well used, but sounded great. Jim Dale is a most excellent reader and captures all the voices perfectly.
 The book came on time. I got this book for a Christmas gift for my daughter. She enjoys reading Harry Potter
 Great edition of an amazing book.
 The book has some wear and no tear.<br/>The edges were slightly ripped but that happens very easily.<br/>Binding was great. Pages were great. Very pleased.
 Best thing ever hope this is going to happen to all of her books!!!
 Avid HP fan...couldn't have asked for anything better!!!I've seen all the movies but the books are much better especially on my Kindle HD.
 Christmas gift for a 50 year old
 Love these books<br/>I love to escape into the magical world. I am on to the next one I just can  stop reading
 I bought this book to replace a copy my granddaughter had that had been read so much it was falling apart. The book was received as advertised and in a very timely manner.
 This is the best book ever!I can't wait to read book 4,5,6 and 7<br/>You will enjoy this book!GET IT NOW!!!!!
 No problem
 I got this book rather quickly just in time to donate to my school for the first harry potter club meeting. thank you!
 Fabulous!
 I enjoy the convenience of the tapes. I would recommend this product to anyone interested in it.<br/>I am very happy with this purchase!
 The book is in great condition considering it is used. This was a much cheaper route than buying it from a store. I got it for half of the retail price (that is including S&amp;H). Thanks!
 My nine year old son and I have read every Harry Potter book.  (Thank you for sending this on the very day it came out.)  We believe each one is better than the last and the same is true for The Goblet of Fire.  An  exciting adventure.
 I purchased two of these as Christmas gifts, one for my 8-year old daughter (read: me), and one for my 50+ year old boss, and we all LOVE it. It is beautifully illustrated and an absolute joy to read. I immediately bought the next two in the series. I must for any Harry Potter fan, or book lover.
 Good book
 Some books are just as enjoyable the second or third time around. I appreciate the more nuanced story telling available in the written word, as opposed to the film. Can't wait for my grandson to enjoy these books with me.
 I Love Pizza
 This edition answers a lot of questions that we all have been asking. It also dispells a lot of the internet guessing too! Couldn't put the book down, finished it in 10 hours.
 Excellent!
 This is my least favorite book in the series.  I think this is mostly due to Harry's attitude throughout most of the book.  He whines and complains a lot, for lack of better description.  He feels like he's been shunted away to the side and left to live with the Dursley's while everyone else is hanging out at the Order of the Pheonix and is included in everything.  Here's a quote, by Phineus Nigellus, a former Headmaster of Hogwartz (and none other than a Slytherin) that very appropriately sums up how I felt:<br/><br/>"You know, this is precisely why I loathed being a teacher!  Young people are so infernally convinced that they are absolutely right about everything.  Has it not occurred to you, my poor puffed up popinjay, that there might be an excellent reason why the headmaster of Hogwartz is not confiding every tiny detail of his plans to you?  Have you never paused, while feeling hard done by, to note that following Dumbledore's orders has never led you into harm?  No.  No, like all young people, you are quite sure that you alone feel and think, you alone recognize danger, you alone are the only one cleaver enough to realize what the Dark Lord may be planning....."<br/><br/>Well said...to put it short and sweet.  Get over yourself!  Know that people are looking out for you and your best interests and you can't be involved in every decision.  Ok, off my podium.  *grin*  The rest of the book I really did enjoy.<br/><br/>*********SPOILERS!******<br/><br/>I loved the DA and seeing everyone really put forth an effort to learn, because it's right and needed, regardless of the consequences.  I abhore Deloris Umbridge and I agree with the twins that Percy is a prat!  It's interesting to see more of Neville's backstory and a foreshadowing into some of his similarities to Harry.  I wish, wish, wish...that Harry had opened Sirius' gift to him so that Harry wouldn't have gone to the Ministry of Magic and Sirius wouldn't have fallen through the gateway.  But, without this, we wouldn't know what weapon Voldemort was after.  We wouldn't fully understand Harry's importance.  Fun romp through the Department of Mysteries.  I love the brains...Ugh!  Great fight scenes.  Good set up for the final story.
 Muggles are not animals! They are human beings! Damn you, wizards! I'm a muggle, and I say MUGGLES HAVE RIGHTS TOO!!<br/>(On and I wish Harry Potter ever actually asks teachers for help on a problem in one of these books. He always thinks he can solve everything with 3 people. CALL A TEACHER DOPE)
 Can't wait to read the next one!!
 How could it not be wonderful?
 Really enjoyed the experience. Product came quick and met my expectations. I recommend buying from this place and the product was good as well.
 BF loved it
 LIKE
 It shipped fast and its appearance is flawless.
 I Purchased the set for my 10 year old grandson he loves them! he loves to read and this collection is full of a lot of adventure, when he stays weekends with us he will bring one of his books and read to me I find myself starting to wonder what lays ahead for our new adventure with Harry!!
 I have listened to this book several times. It's great. I love putting stories on and then doing some embroidery and sewing work while I listen. Book 5 is intense, but I have great memories of it.
 Loved this book.  It is the best book in the series.  I can't wait to read this again.
 Fast service. Very good product, brand new. Very happy
 It's my favorite book.
 This was my least favorite of the last 4 books, mostly due to the teenage angst in the characters.  That being said, it is still a good book in a great series.  The characters grow up and Rowling shows that anything can happen as the series progresses.
 Great book nephew and I loved the story
 Delivery time was good, condition as advertised except the sound quality does not seem as good as other audio books I have purchased in this series.  The volume has to be cranked up higher to get the same level of sound.  Its almost as if this was a bootleg book.
 All I can say is, you haven't truly lived until you've read some Harry Potter!
 I was so excited when I received this book. I felt like a kid on Christmas morning. The illustrations are absolutely BEAUTIFUL. They're beyond anything I could have imagined. The book is a very nice size, is very sturdy, and even has an attached bookmark to hold your place. I wish I could give this book 10 stars! If you're an avid Harry Potter fan like myself you MUST get this. I can't wait to see what's in store for the rest of the series.
 These are incredible! Full color illustrations everywhere. Even the pages that are only text have detailed backgrounds and are stylistically consistent with the rest of the book. It really adds a whole new dimension to the stories and brings visuals to so many parts of the book that are left out of the movies.
 I would consider buying this in person at a book store.  I tried to be careful with the scissors as I opened it because the box was so small.  I was not quite careful enough and scratched the jacket in one spot.  Other than the packaging the book itself is, of course, wonderful! Maybe open it from the bottom so you only risk scratching the back.
 Beautiful! I got this as a Christmas gift but might buy a copy for myself! It is so detailed and brings the world of Harry Potter to life! This would be a great book to read to kids/grandkids because there are pictures on almost every page! Children will not loose interest in this charming story!
 It is no surprise that kids love Harry Potter, but I am in shock at how all of my kids not only love it, but they have each read it multiple times. If they see one of the books sitting around, they will inevitably pick it up and start reading no matter which number of book it is.
 Great book and price! Thanks!
 Why not love it.  It was at least as good as the other 6 in that collection.  The birthday boy in the family again was elated to have one of these books be his birthday gift on each year that one of them was published, even if he had to share each of them, he was still thrilled and then some!
 I mean, it's Harry Potter. What else do you expect?
 I love it!
 I'm a huge Harry Potter fan (a huge book fan, really), and have been looking forward to sharing the HP books with my kids before they were even born. I was thrilled to learn that the series is now in an illustrated version because it is just one more way to ensure that my kids are as captivated as I was! They are a few weeks away from 6 years old, and they love it. We are about halfway through, and I plan on going right into the second when we finish. I can't wait for the rest to be published!!
 Awsome! Loved it!!
 Received as described. Thank you.
 Great book, even on the 14th read
 It's amazing, that is all.
 It was very thrilling
 I bought this book to advance my knowledge of Spanish. It's an excellent edition! I've learned so much from it!
 Good book
 The new DADA (Defense Against The Dark Arts) professor is a ministry toad who doesn't want to teach the young witches and wizards of Hogwarts how to defend themselves against Voldemort so Harry does it himself!  Great adventures for all!
 Third time through this book.  I enjoyed it more than the  previous two times.  This book like CoS has grown on me.
 We enjoy all of Jim Dale's narrations of the Harry Potter books, and this is no exception. We prefer listening on tape even though it's "old school"--it's much harder to lose your place!<br/><br/>Mr. Dale does a really nice job with all of the voices, with the possible exception of Hermione (but hey, he's an adult male and she's a teenaged girl, so we'll give him a pass on that one). You can definitely tell who is speaking without him having to say, for example, "said Snape." That's quite an accomplishment given that there are so many characters. He clearly has affection and enthusiasm for the stories and his narration is very easy to listen to.<br/><br/>My daughter and I listen to these constantly and they haven't gotten old. If you want something to listen to with your kid that's pleasant for you both, you may want to consider Harry Potter audio books. They make a nice bonding experience while doing crafts, working on a puzzle or even just surfing the Internet together. Beats listening to pop music you don't like, that's for sure.
 Wonderful!  J.K. Rowling has you at the edge of your seat while you listen to the fourth book in the Harry Potter series.  With so many twists and turns and the excellent narration of Jim Dale it is almost impossible to turn off the CD player.
 Great for all ages.
 This book is really wonderful! I've already had all seven books of Harry Potter series in Russian.  I wanted to have the full series in English. I was looking for the edition I would love the most and found this one. I was impressed and right now I am, because it's really pretty and finally illustrated! The sheets are of glossy paper. The main cover is hard and of really good quality. It's wrapped in a beautiful dust-cover with an illustration. And also there is a red tissue bookmark. I love it! And thank you for such New Year present! (such a fast delivery and very good quality of attitude towards this valuable for me stuff!) And, of course, Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Be happy all the time and everywhere!
 I felt that I was a part of the experience.....it was very enjoyable! I loved every page!!!  I felt like I was really there!!!
 Gorgeous illustrations!  I'm a Harry Potter fan and will be keeping this for my grandchildren (it will be a few years yet before I'm old enough to be grandpa).
 This is a fantastic version!  It's too bad that this wasn't the original version!<br/>The artwork is very original, it's not just a rehash of the movie visualizations.<br/>This is the same artist as the iBook version but there many more illustrations in the book, but most of the iBook pictures are animated!
 Excelent!
 Just finished reading The fourth novel, it was by far the best in my opinion; constantly answering questions from previous novels as well as constantly creating even more questions for her future works to unravel.<br/>Just Buy It!
 El precio esta muy bien<br/>Es una versión económica y me gusta<br/>Es de buena calidad, solo que la cubierta no es dura (así son los económicos) pero esto lo considero hasta una ventaja.
 It came to me fast and BRAND new. Thank you for taking good care of this product and putting it at a reasonable price for me to buy. =D
 The books just keep getting better as they get on in the series.  In this book you find out the backstory and history of your favorite characters
 Love it<br/>😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😮😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😄😄😄😄😄😄😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃hjbubh bright by minimum son means undue Heinrich stretch bench this bench bench died myth rocky civic much then during Irish subdued hey bench duchy didn't bend
 Let's face it, anything Harry Potter is nothing short of amazing &lt;3
 It was great!
 Beautifully illustrated! I can't wait for the rest of the series to be illustrated. It really brings the book to life. Scenes not in the movies are illustrated in this book with wonderful detail. Definitely a must have if you are a Potter fan and want a beautifully bound edition of the books.
 The product we recieved has been very satisfactory. Jim Dale is an excellent interpreter of the Harry Potter saga. This book is my favorite of all, and it is an important chapter in the entire series.
 Gorgeous book - just like the other two!<br/><br/>Only issue I had was with the packaging. Ugh... Amazon, why would you package this book with another small paperback is a box that is way too big. The HP hardcover completely smashed my other paperback so when I took it out of the box most of the pages were folded &amp; the cover was damaged. Very disappointed.
 Read it at night to my 5 yr old boy.  We enjoyed the adventures and still laugh and talk about the book.  I am now on book 4-  Harry Potter is a sure page turner.
 AWESOME!
 Surprisingly I found the book to be in excellent order. I purchased the book for my nephew and was quite overjoyed to see that it was in outstanding condition.  I would highly recommend this seller.
 I loved this book . It only took me 13 days to finish it . But I didn't like that it doesn't count in pages . Also I'm only 11 and I finished it in 13 days .
 I read the books in high school and I had just borrowed them from my neighbor. When Deathly Hallows Part 1 came to theaters I had wanted to reread all the books plus have them for my collection! So I began to buy them. :]
 I think by so far, this one is better than the previous ones. Somewhat, the story is more suspenseful and it makes it so hard for me to sleep early at night because I just cannot put this book down! I have mentioned it in the previous reviews but I will mention it again, I cannot believe I started Harry Potter series not so long ago and I am 26 years old. I sort of wish I read this series when I was younger. Awesome novel.<br/>Also, the delivery was fast and smooth and the book is in great new condition!
 Super fast shipping and great product!
 Love it
 Review is of the Audio version.  What can I say about these books that hasn't already been said.  Very entertaining.  Good writing, combined with the awesome reading by Jim Dale.  Makes a long drive with the kids go a lot easier when they are intently listening to the book.
 Rowling is a genius.  The entire series is perfectly written for reading to preschoolers, for young readers or for adults.  Not much out there that is this fun.  Neli Gaiman, Garth Nix and Scott Westerfeld give her a run for her money.  At least some of her money.
 Love it!
 Yytty
 This is a good book, especially for the students who want to learn english. This book has correct sentences, good conversation.
 Excellent!
 Love it
 Buy it.  I own several copies of each Harry Potter book (huge fan, duh), but nothing compares to the Illustrated collection. I highly suggest purchasing the Illustrated edition of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone for yourself or as a gift for a fan!  It is exquisite! Original story with absolutely stunning artwork!  Fans will love it, and children (whether they are of age to read or not) will adore the artistry.  I will cherish this book until I have my own children, so I can read this to them.  It truly is the most beautiful book I have ever owned.
 If your kids love Harry Potter and they're not quite old enough to read it on their own, this is perfect. It gets my son excited to read every night. Instead of hearing "Why do I have to go to bed" I hear, "Do we get to read Harry tonight?".  So getting him into bed is a breeze. That makes this priceless.
 I bought this for my son, who is studying Japanese.  It's better to have an interesting story to work your way through than some obscure and boring text.
 Just started reading it but I love it
 It was great an so much better than the movie.
 Just what I was lookin. It wasn't written after the movies, it's the original book. Very happy with it and I now have a complete series.
 Great book throughout!!
 It's a classic and my 7 year old surprised us by reading this so quickly. He's been a fan of less 'intense' books like the Captain Underpants series and similar comic style books so we weren't sure if he could handle a non-picture book yet, but he loved it and is already on to book 2.
 This is my favorite book in the series.
 Am happy to report this book arrived in a timely manner and in perfect condition...the pages are beautiful and love the cover on the hardback book, very bold and pretty...comes with a built-in ribbon bookmark to help keep your place and would recommend this to any Harry Potter fan.
 This series has imagination, lotsa different ethnic nods, and magic!  What more could I ask for--even girls have adventures!  I have the audio, the movies, and the books.  I get something out of each every time I look in on Harry, not bad for a muggle.
 Harry Potter's third year at Hogwarts is one of more adventures and unexpected twists. There's a reason these books are so popular. The characters keep you entertained and the plot doesn't move too fast or too slow. Don't think the movie has the same content as the book because they are different. These are such a nostalgic books I find myself reading them just to remember what it was like to get lost in literature and feel like a kid again.
 wonderful book!!!
 I read this because everyone I know has read the full series and loved them.  I was missing understanding all the references to them that eere thrown out in conversation! It was a good book for what it was - written for a young adult audience.  I am considering reading the next one due to encouragement from others - but, there are so many books and so little time....
 Amazing can't wait for the next
 It was exactly as advertised and my grandson loved it.  It came very quickly as well.
 LOVE IT BEST BOOK EVER CAN NOT WAIT TO READ BOOK NUMBER TWO THIS BOOK IS SO GOOD I RECOMMEND IT
 First, the Harry Potter series is wonderful.  Thank you, J.K. Rowling.  Second, Jim Dale who does the audio books is fantastic.  I first bought these books when my son was young and we listened to them together.  I am now replacing some of the cassette versions I had.  I'm re-reading this one for about the 10th time.
 very nice
 Loved all of the harry potter books and could not get enough of them.  They are great fast reads for kids and adults.  Thanks JK for the series.
 It's Harry Potter. Need I say more...
 Wonderful book! One of the best of the series. It is action packed and full of surprises. I highly recommend it.
 My daughter and her husband and their kids are coming to the Harry Potter at Universal Studios in February so I got them this first book to read with their family before they come .  It's fun to sit together and listen as each of us reads --what a treat !  The illustrations are beautiful.
 I was very happy with this seller, I received my book as promised
 Hardcover was ripped
 This is such a beautiful edition of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I'm so glad I bought it as a keep sake. The illustrations are just stunning.
 GREAT THANKS.
 This is great for the Harry Potter fan. The illustrations are wonderful and the smooth texture of the pages feels nice and makes the art work really pop. It has a ribbon page marker that is great for saving your place.  This is the novel in its entirety. It was not condensed whatsoever.
 My favorite in the series!
 Amazing! Almost every page had some little drawing or detailed edging to draw in the younger readers not ready for books without pictures but mature enough for this kind of read. The drawings are beautiful and very well done. I will keep this and hope some day my children read it to theirs.
 I had read this book before, but had decided to reread the whole series again.  I must say it was better the second time I read it.  I remember things this time I did not remember reading the first time.<br/>I find it much better than the movies.
 Great book for kids. The illustrations in this book are top notch and the kids really enjoy reading it. The book is really well made and should stand up to years of reading. We are hoping our 6 year will soon be able to read this book by herself but for now she must listen to us read it to her.
 With all of the reprints of the Harry Potter series (paperback, new cover art, movie pictures, etc), we were trying to complete our collection of the original hard back books. We didn't start buying these for our collection until book #5 when the series had gained such a huge following. We were so glad we could find these individually here on Amazon to get the missing ones.<br/><br/>The Prisoner of Azkaban continues a fascinating and engaging series. Book one of the series was very lighthearted as the world and characters were introduced. There was indeed a conflict and a villain, but the focus was on the world itself and the magic we could find in it. Book two continued in that world but had a noticeably darker tone (as did many of the later books). However, Book three returned us to a lighter tone while creating a self-encased conflict and villain with some really neat time-travelling plot twists (think of Bill and Ted or Back to the Future). The last four books tell more of a continuous narrative while I feel that each of the first three is more standalone. Yes, they end with an explanation of how the self-contained events fit into the overarching conflict of the series. But the individual plot elements of the books seem to lend themselves to the story at hand rather than the overall conflict. It seems that this changes with Book four when many parts of the book focus more on the overall plot rather than the individual book plot.<br/><br/>Even if you've seen the movies, the books are deserving of a read. The cliche that the books are always better than the movies holds very true here. We hope that JK Rowling continues to write for many years and that she can create other worlds that are equally as imaginative and engaging as this one. Thanks for a great ride!
 I always wanted more pictures in the original books!  These are beautiful renderings, book quality is fantastic, nice details with the in-sewn bookmark.  If you love reading Harry Potter, this is worth the money!  I read it to my kids at night, and they look forward to my silly voices.
 Seriously perfect😍
 I received it in perfect condition!
 Awesome
 Good versus evil, really starts to be a central theme in this fourth book in the series. Harry is pitted against older students in the tri-wizard tournament, by no choice of his own. Who put his name in? Why did they do it? Will Harry come out unscathed? A must read for Harry Potter fans.
 Excellent
 It was in great condition. No rips or tears. No ink on the pages. It was a great item for a gift.
 Harry Potter is by far the most enjoyable set of books I have ever read. This one is filled with witty humour and clever plot twists that make it one of the best pieces of modern literature. With memorable characters that feel as though they are real, Harry Potter will keep you captivated from the moment you pick it up until you read the last word. If you have not yet have the pleasure of reading the series, put this book in your cart and proceed to checkout right now.
 This book is beautiful. The illustrations are gorgeous. The illustrator really brings to life the world of Harry Potter through his excellent, colorful and detailed pictures. Eagerly awaiting the rest of the illustrated editions. Arrived on time, in good condition, would definitely buy again.
 Received it in less than a week! Very good translation, so good I can't read it yet, considering I'm only "Intermediate" in Irish. Fortunately, they did not translate names, as the French and Spanish editions do. More product in the Gaelic language, please! More translations!!!! For instance, let's have Dr. Seuss in Gaelic, as it would help my language development!!!! Go raibh mile maith agat!
 another page Turner. couldn't put this book down. can't wait to start the next one! I never thought I could be into the harry potter books!
 BRILLIANT! My 11 year old and I are rereading this story with the illustrated version and loving every minute. The illustrations are gorgeous and not based on the films so it allows our imagination to reinvent certain pictures in our mind. I am praying they do the entire series this way.
 I am not sure how the condition of the book was described, but I was a little to surprised to see that the book was bent and a little crumpled at the bottom. Not a huge deal, and it must be stated that I got the book for next to nothing, which was great.<br/><br/>I also chose the cheapest shipping option but was a little surprised that book did not arrive for over two weeks and then some.<br/><br/>Anyway we got it now and for cheap. I am hoping my 10-year old grand son will get lost in the book. He loves the movies!<br/><br/>Cliff Phillips<br/>Lawrence, Kansas
 Really good. I recommend for fantasy fans
 It kept me entertained from page one.  Can't wait to gt the next one.It was very seat grabbing in many places.
 love the series, just bought this book as a replacement for the first copy, which fell apart after so many readings by my kids and us.
 I bought this for as a gift for my sister who loves Harry Potter, but hasn't taken the time to read the books.  The set came timely and in great condition!  Also the price was the best I've seen for these audio books.  My only complaint is that the t-shirt wasn't included, which the seller stated before I made the purchase.  It's okay though; I guess 27 is a little old for a Harry Potter shirt!
 Loved it!
 I bought the book for a decent price and was not disappointed when it arrived! Probably going to by more later
 J.K. Rowling es un autor magnífico. Me gustaría recomendar esta serie de libros a los lectores del género de la fantasía de todas las edades.
 Great! My son loves it
 Love it
 Great Book!
 If youre  Harry Potter fans like we are, an audiobook is great for long car trips.  We read the books so fast, an audiobook lets us pause and talk about whats going on in the story.  Now looking back we hear so many clues of things to come.
 If youre  Harry Potter fans like we are, an audiobook is great for long car trips.  We read the books so fast, an audiobook lets us pause and talk about whats going on in the story.  Now looking back we hear so many clues of things to come.
 I would of never thought I would get into the Harry Potter books the way I did. A friend loaned me the first one, I didn't think I'd like it but I started reading it. Grabbed me from the very start and I ended up reading every one of them!!
 Each book keeps getting better.  The book also become more appropriate for older people. I do not believe it is for young readers.
 Although this book is darker than those prior to it, the world being created has much more detail and the characters are developing their own personas.  It is easy to become attached to the different characters, even those who are not the main characters in the story.
 I brought it for my collection. I only gave 4 stars Cuz I ordered it new not like new book. Its a good book I've read the collection 3-4 times. I happen to love the last two books. I'm planing on reading them again. In my opinion the books are way better then the movies.
 Better then the movie!
 This is the first Harry Potter book series, it is amazing if you read the book and compare it with the movie. My wife reads it every night and she counts every little thing of this wonderful history with the first movie when the actors were actually kids. You will love this book and everything related with Hogwarts Wizards School.
 I think I'm a little spoiled by Jim Dale's reading. He has such strong character reading skiills. Stephen Fry is a very good reader as well. The box opens on three sides and I prefer it to open on the top and bottom like most cartons.
 Great products and services. Thanks.
 Love it!
 A whole world of magic and color. Such a wonderful read. Quick and fun. Full of laughter. Only a mistake to have waited so long to read it. Intelligence, adventure and bravery help make this such an exciting story. I cannot wait to read the next book!!
 Brand new book!!
 Actually it's my granddaughter reading these and she started the first one about a week before school let out and she's on Book 5 I believe now.  I've never read them, but just about everyone else in my family has and they are obviously very good reads and very well written.
 This is my very favorite book in the Harry Potter series.  A must read for every person on the planet (probably age 12 and up).  There is a reason so many people love Harry Potter and if you think it is just because of the films, wait until you read the books! So much more to love in the books that never made it to the silver screen.
 i read this book years ago but lost my copy so I bought this book for my 9 year old I cant keep books in his hands and he loved this book as much as the others despites the fact that this book is darker than the others he read in the past
 The first installment of the harry potter series is a wonderful as it is magical. Superb characters with real intricacies. Very simple but well written. Easy and fun for kids while still making it an all around good read for adults. A brilliant reminder that you don't need million dollar words and long stories to make it worthwhile.
 OOTP is a very decent book, but it does has a bit of length to it that even Rowling thinks is a tad indulgent. It is easily the longest of the series, but tends to drag in a few portions. The movie did a good job of tightening up the narrative and kicking the pace up a notch. While I still enjoy the book, the movie feels a bit smoother.<br/><br/>For instance, the a good bit of the early chapters are mostly Harry and company cleaning up number 12 Grimmauld place to be suitable headquarters for the order. As fascinating as that is, we don't really need to learn how to clean curtains or dressers. Bit boring really.<br/><br/>In the department of mysteries,  Harry and his buddies bumble about into different rooms of seemingly no importance. Room with brains? Room with Time Turner powder, room with galaxies? I get that the department needs to be interesting, but I think having Harry look for the prophecy amongst the shelves was plenty interesting enough. Then the fight that follows goes on way too long. They are chased from room to room and back again. The movie made everything much tighter.<br/><br/>There are two scenes with Dumbledore that were much better in the book than in the film.<br/>1. In his office when Delores Umbridge comes to remove him from the grounds. The movie doesn't quite have the tension that the book did. He quickly dispatches the 3 aurors, Delores, and Percy Weasley. He then tells Harry and Minerva that he is leaving and to act like no time as passed as to confuse his would be dispatchers.<br/>2. Dumbledore's fight with Voldemort is much better in the book. Voldemort uses three Avada Kadavra curses on Dumbledore that he is able to dodge. Dumbledore bewitches the wizard fountain and the statues come to life and aid him in his fight.<br/><br/>Harry's possession by Voldemort is also much different. Harry (as Voldemort) tells Dumbledore to kill him if he wants to win. Harry briefly thinks to himself that death might be ok as he would be able to see Sirius again. This moment of affection for his godfather causes Voldemort to loosen his grip and flee. In the movie, Harry has a bit of a rant about how Voldemort will never know love and how he pities him. Seems a little heavy handed compared to the novel.<br/><br/>There are many pros and cons between the two, but the length just cannot be excused. It is a long read and honestly could be much shorter. Still a worthy entry in the series
 Absolutely beautiful book!
 Amazing book no bents or anything
 The tapes all work really well, The box is in good condition as well.  I'm very pleased with this purchase.
 I've never read a Harry Potter book so I'm not rating the story, just the quality of the book.  It's very well made and beautiful.  I love that it has a built in ribbon book mark too.  My children really enjoy looking through it.  I plan on reading it aloud to them over the summer.
 Incredible. That is the only word that comes to mind after finishing this one. I have never read a novel before now, but I am up to book 5 in this series and I can't stop. I am getting anxiety thinking about getting closer to it being over
 Great story
 I bought this book for a friend of mine who is studying Latin and she loved it. Also, the Latin professor has the same exact book so I would recommend this to anyone who has an interest in learning or wants to practice the language.
 Very good book would recommend to anyone. Looking forward to reading more adventures from Harry potter and all the characters from Hogwarts!
 I love these books
 Love it, Amazing book even for adults.
 Totally worth it, i would recomend this to anyone who wants it. Im using it to learn spanish and it has helped so much!
 Loved it! Totally engrossing and hard to out down! I can't wait to read the next one. Can't believe it took me this long to read these wonderful books.
 It was very slow to come but the book was fine
 This is the first book in the series- but listen to Jim Dale's narration when the character of Hagrid is introduced for example. Read the book, by all means, but this series as read by Mr. Dale compliments the printed page. Perfect!
 Amazing, needed it to complete my collenction!
 Gorgeous!!
 I love, love all the Harry Potter books but don't have lots of time to read them. Audio books make a perfect option. I ordered Book 5 and it was delivered fast and exactly as described. A+
 Bought to complete the collection on daughter's shelf.  Spent plenty of time on hot summer days lying under the trees in the yard reading them with her.
 Bought to complete the collection on daughter's shelf.  Spent plenty of time on hot summer days lying under the trees in the yard reading them with her.
 So far this has been the longest book in the series but it has the most action by far. I'm amazed that each book I read is better then the one prior to it. This book to me is really setting the stage for the epic conclusion. I laughed out loud, smiled, and even almost shed a tear. Truly an AMAZEING book.
 Beautiful! I am reading this to my 7 year old daughter and she won't let me put it down. The illustrations really help bring everything to life for her. It is $40 at barnes and noble so the 23 on amazon is wonderful. It would be WELL worth the 40 but for 20 bucks, I am ecstatic.
 I love this book!!!!!  I already have more than one book of the Sorcerer's Stone, but could not wait to get this one and was not disappointed.  The illustrations are breathtaking.  Jim Kay has perfectly captured the essence and magic of this story. I also loved the larger size of the book.  Had thought to just place it along side my other copies, but ended up reading the story and living the magic again  Can't wait for Chamber Of Secrets to be released with Jim Kay illustrations to bring it to life once again!!
 I must say the Harry Potter Series sells itself. As a child I never got around to reading this epic series. As an adult I must say I am glad I waited. I am now able to understand and grasp things in the book I am sure I would have missed at a younger age. I look forward to seeing what adventures are ahead for Harry
 I love HP
 So good
 Great book. I recommend this an any of the Harry potter books to anyone. A lot better than the movies.
 Shipping was fast.  item as described  - new condition.  My bad, i ordered the wrong HP book!!!!  was still pleased with transaction  would buy from seller again. thanx
 The book is great. I’ve been buying these for my 7 year old daughter and she loves them. My issue is with the quality control at Amazon. This book and the half blood prince, arrived bent up and creased. I personally wouldn’t care but my kiddo lives displaying the books after she’s read them so she’s not going to be happy.
 Love the book
 Good condition
 Great book!!!
 Love it
 Great book. Got this to practice my Spanish. Took me 45 minutes to get to page 11 (not to read through it, but to read and comprehend each word/sentence). I was so excited I got so far until I realized the book started on page 9. Fail. Oh well. Great buy!
 This was a gift for my granddaughter and I have not seen it.  I live in Kansas and she lives in New York.
 It came in the mail today, and it's absolutely perfect!
 Love Harry Potter!
 The book arrived earlier than expected and was in excellent shape. No problems there. I was a little startled to see how "short" the book was, especially since the dimensions of the hardcover were also smaller than expected. However, after reading it, I couldn't detect anything missing, and I think it's a case of the print being smaller, thus having more words on a page. What was also surprising was that it didn't read much different than the US version I already have. I picked up Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix in BC, Canada, and that version seemed very different than the US versions of previous books, with much more British slang and dialog, so I was expecting that from this volume, but other than a word here and there, I didn't notice anything special. On the other hand, I've never compared the US version of Phoenix with my Canadian version. Maybe it's not as different as I think.
 Yay
 Better looking expected.  Looks almost completely new.  Cover perfect. No dog-ears, or rips on the cover at all.  Thank You.
 I have not seen the book.  I ordered it for my granddaughter who lives in New York and I live in Kansas.
 I read this when it first came out but decided to do a re-read on the series and I've actually enjoyed the book better this time around.  It's a well done story, but I'd recommend reading the series in order to gain full benefit of character development.
 I just finished reading this book for the first time ever and I am really very impressed and totally taken with the Potter universe!<br/>I actually watched all eight movies before starting the books and I am glad I decided to do this.<br/><br/>The first thing that struck me about this series was how creative it is. The world that J.K. Rowling has created is so incredibly imaginative and fun. It really draws you in.<br/><br/>Harry Potter, who is around eleven years old, is living with relatives who really don't like him or want him around. His parents died when he was a baby and he does not know anything about them other than that they supposedly died in a car crash. His life changes when he gets a letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He has been accepted into this school even though he has no idea that he possesses any kind of special powers. Other than a few "coincidental" odd things happening to his adopted family, he has not shown much of magical ability. Off he goes to Hogwarts, where he encounters an entire world which he did not know existed. At first he is afraid he will be behind all the other students, but when he begins classes and training he finds his place and begins to show many talents.<br/><br/>This book is not as "dark" as some of the later books, which is nice. The characters are so lovable and the book is a very quick and easy read.<br/><br/>Fantastic story! I will likely not be able to help measuring future fantasy/sci-fi books that I read up against this because it is just so incredible!
 I'm blown away by this book! I got it to read with my 6 year old, and he's loved it! I've already ordered the next book so I have it when we finish reading this one together.
 There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said.<br/><br/>I actually read this for a narrative class in college and fell in love with it. I read it at least once a year.
 Amazinf
 Love Love Love<br/>Story Great<br/>Pictures Beautiful<br/>I have never actually read the first Harry Potter all the way through, but I finally did in just a few days. There are a few differences from the movie worth reading. I can't wait for the next installment. Thank you
 Perfect
 The tapes all work really well, the box is in good condition as well, couldn't ask for more than that!
 The Harry Potter books are awesome and this is the best place to buy them. Not much else needs  to be said here
 This is awesome! Just what I needed. It made the perfect birthday gift for my best friend. Thanks so much!
 Quick delivery. Description accurate. Thanks!
 My dougther loves this book.
 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) is quite possibly the best installment in this series yet. Rowling had more time to write this one, and it certainly shows. That's saying something, given how excellent the previous book was. What I really liked best about the 5th book is its dealings with the Magic World's government and how the government is not always as reliable as it may seem. Lots of characters and things from previous books that seemed so reliable are suddenly unreliable in this book. Plus, Harry, Ron, Hermione and their friends are all finally looking forward to their futures--a true sign of their growing up.<br/>Filled with surprises (some good, some painful), Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a wonderful read. I'm already waiting for the next installment!
 What can I say---this series was wonderful.  I have all the books and enjoyed every one of them.  The last couple of books are a bit "dark" but as the series was released, the books became age appropriate as we ourselves grew older along with the characters.
 Bought the entire set for a "senior adult" family member who had never read or seen Harry. I have personally read all the books several times. Everyone needs some magic in their lives and Harry is special because he teaches us many important lessons.
 Bought the entire set for a "senior adult" family member who had never read or seen Harry. I have personally read all the books several times. Everyone needs some magic in their lives and Harry is special because he teaches us many important lessons.
 Bought the entire set for a "senior adult" family member who had never read or seen Harry. I have personally read all the books several times. Everyone needs some magic in their lives and Harry is special because he teaches us many important lessons.
 It's Harry Potter, whats not to like?  The same great story you have read, but now with stunning art included.  Rowling loved this are and so will you.  My wife wanted this as a Christmas present and read it to my daughter.  The pictures will help hold the attention of kids.  Even if you own all the Potter books, this will be a welcome addition to your library.
 Fabulous story, well written. J. K. Rowling creates a wonderful world with colorful characters. Her prose is so well detailed that you feel right at home at Hogwarts School of witchcraft &amp; wizardry.<br/>I read all 7 books with my daughter &amp; now I'm reading them to my grandsons.<br/>I recommend this book for kids &amp; adults.
 This is an excellent resource for those who happen to be fans of both ancient Greek and Harry Potter. It's a nice opportunity to practice your Greek on something other than original text. It's also great as a teaching resource if you happen to have Greek students. The Greek is representative of the ancient language and there are plenty of paragraphs that would be great practice for those young students of Greek.
 Love this book.  I recently bought it for my 3 month old daughter.  I cannot wait for her to experience the joys of the magical world.  This will be one of our nightly bedtime reads when she gets a little older.  The illustrations are beautiful, and match the descriptions of the book (unlike somethings in the movies).
 For a 2nd hand book, this one looks pretty new. It has over-coat cover, its inside pages are feel new, too. It's a good buy.
 My daughter was shocked at how clean this book was. You made her very happy. Great Clean Book. Thank you
 Great books for so many obvious reasons! My son read it in 2 days!
 It was above and beyond my expections.  Thank you very much.  My grandson was very excited - this is<br/>his first Harry Potter book.
 Have been a fan of the movies and stories of Hogwarts. JK Rowling is a genius with her ability to craft her tales and characters. I wanted to have the books as part of my collection even though I read them all.
 Have been a fan of the movies and stories of Hogwarts. JK Rowling is a genius with her ability to craft her tales and characters. I wanted to have the books as part of my collection even though I read them all.
 ** hardbound edition comes with no sleeve.  not sure when that changed, but all the other editions in hard cover had the normal sleeves while this one did not **  still love the book but wanted to let anyone know if they wanted matching books that this one would differ.
 You just have to be a Harry Potter fan!  I cannot even imagine how this author comes up with all these ideas!!  So, if you are a fan of Harry Potter, you will want to see what happens to him in his third year..
 I love this book, I wouldn't even change a thing. It is adventurous, touching, and tempting to make you want to read more of it. I would recommend this book to kids aged between 9-14. I can't wait for the next book!
 It came in the original packaging and every CD was wonderful!!!
 Saved my butt! My wife had this book for a long time... until our husky (that i picked out... which makes it my fault) came into our lives. Apparently the book was wasn't tasty, but fun to destroy. Anyways, I bought this as a replacement and it completes her set again.
 Great purchase from GoodWill. They shipped a very good condition copy. We love the Harry Potter series and it's a great way to encourage imaginative reading. Affordable and fun. I would recommend this series.
 Arrived in perfect condition!
 Good condition
 It was for my daughter to learn english...<br/>And now, I read this book too.<br/>I remember my old studies
 Good!
 I absolutely love this! I highly recommend it  for anyone who plans on getting their young child interested in Harry Potter. The pictures alone interest my four year old. However, I feel like this is something to be collected. I am hoping they make one for all the books!
 the beginning was a bit tough for me to read but it is a critical part in knowing the whole story behind other background characters that are involved. once all the students arrived back at hogwarts, it got better for me.  now onto the longest one the order of the phoenix.
 After Prisoner of Azkaban, this one is the best. You go through a lot of emotions, from wishing you can slap Harry to crying like you lost someone in real life when Sirius dies. Rowling has an amazing gift with words.
 I'm wanting to rebuild my HP audiobook (Jim Dale) library (lost my previous collection).  So I tried Audible, and it was horrible.  Audible skips words and the sound is just not the same as the CDs.  Cancelled my Audible account and now think I'm going to have to buy a boom-box again, lol.
 This is probably my favorite Potter book.  The earlier ones are admittedly a little juvenile. Of course Harry is younger in those.  And the finale of the series is, at least in my opinion, goofy. But this book has the best of the characters and the most believable action and adventure.
 This is a book for everyone.  Children and adults will love it.  J.K.Rowling has an imagination that cannot be matched.  i am on the fourth book and will read all seven.
 Wow. Just wow. I picked this up for my wife, who is generally not a reader at all (she's never read the books herself, only had them read to her) and she thought this was the coolest ever! The wonderful art not only helps keep her attention, it also helps her find her place again in the book. I can't wait for the rest of the series to come out in this format.
 I've read this book four times. I love all 7  books, although this one and number 6 are my favorites.
 Great!
 I am 28, and although considered to old for the books. I broke down and read the first one. I don't care what age you are, a great book series is a great book series. I would recommend any of these books to anyone to read.
 I love this book. I am a fan of the entire series though. My children loved it when I read it to them as well (ages 7 and 9). I think that the author brings the magic alive... and it is one that I have read over and over, and most likely will read again in the years to come. Fun story, unique, and lovable characters.
 Going to be a great gift for my grandsons  Love being able to introduce them to the world of Harry Potter with amazing illustrations.  Hope there are plans to continue and complete the entire Harry Potter series in this format.  It is wonderful for that very young generation.
 Perfect.  Somehow, I  misplaced this book and wanted one of the original hardbacks to replace it.<br/>Very happy. Thank you.:-)
 Everything is perfect. This is a book from library, but in really good shape. Good deal! Will use again this service.
 Amazing drawings, amazing story. I just love it
 I always watch the movie first to prevent disappointment. However, this book offered so much extra detail that I wish I would have  read it first before seeing the movie.
 GORGEOUS! A wonderful addition for any Harry Potter fan. I had all the hard back books as a kid (5 of them acquired at midnight at my local bookstore), but they've long since been passed on to young readers. I'm looking forward to having all 7 in this format (hopefully).
 I've been a HP fan for many years and have read the entire series more than once. But I bought this illustrated edition to begin the series again with my 8-year-old son and we love it. The illustrations are beautiful, no page is left blank. The book is also rather large.
 Doot doot.
 Very good book, can't wait to read end test of the series
 I enjoyed the Harry Potter books for the first time with my son.  He is now 23, and we still enjoy watching the movies again from time to time.  I bought this audiobook to replace the cassette version we bought years ago.  The Prisoner of Azkaban and The Deathly Hallows are my two favorite HP books.
 Good book.
 Probably the best of the Harry Potter series.  Once again, J.K. Rowling conjures up a very believable world in which magic is commonplace, fantastic creatures, e.g., Buckbeat, the hippogriff, and animagi, have important roles to play, and sheer, delightful inventions such as the Knight Bus enrich the reader's sheer appreciation of what the imaginative mind can bring forth and present for our entertainment.
 I loved the book except I did not know that the hard cover would ever come without the book cover
 I love the Harry Potter series, so I was ecstatic to find the books for so cheap on Amazon, as compared to in stores. The book cover is a little torn up and the binding is a little worn, but I believe the seller included this in the description before I purchased this book. Those were my only complaints with this purchase. I would recommend the Harry Potter series to anyone who is interested in magic or folklore, such as the Lord of the Rings series.
 Great start to a fantastic series.
 Our nine year old son loves it!  A good read for anyone, regardless of age.  I would recommend it.  Very imaginative.
 Best series ever. Will never be replaced with any other series.  Number 4 starts the interesting part. No more words
 Bought the entire set for a "senior adult" family member who had never read or seen Harry. I have personally read all the books several times. Everyone needs some magic in their lives and Harry is special because he teaches us many important lessons.
 awesome with huge fun
 i finally got to read a book without being told the ending before i finished
 Muy must muy bien
 Jim is amazing
 If you love Harry Potter this a great edition to own.  While some people suggested that ALL the books be done, the later books are too long to have this level of pages/artwork.  However, for the first book, this is a wonderful edition to your harry potter library.
 I found the book to be a real page turner couldn't put it down . The Harry Potter series has Really gotten me into reading.
 This was exactly what I expected in pristine condition. I am using the book to practice my Spanish and it is helping tremendously.
 This series is awesome! Harry Potter is so fun to read. If you're interested, get it if you can! You will be truly amazed by what J.K. Rowling has written. She is an amazing writer. My family has read this over the summer of 2016. Harry, Ron, and Hermione are great friends and find out secrets about what is not known to other students in Hogwarts. GREATEST BOOK SERIES EVER. READ IF YOU LOVE MYTHICAL, MAGIC LIKE THINGS. Thankyou. =D
 I'm 29 years old. I probably haven't read a book since originally reading the Harry Potter series as a teenager. Luckily this illustrated version was not available back then, because I probably would have just looked at the pictures, cuz they're fudging AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
 What can I say? It's Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix. It's amazing. This is one of the more depressing films so I don't watch it often, but it's a masterpiece (just like every other Harry Potter film).
 Love these books
 Very possibly one of my favorite books in the series. I love how it just begins to grasp at the idea of being "young adult lit" as opposed to a children's book, and throws in a classic "who dunnit" sort of mystery. Time travel and hippogriffs are always a bonus.
 Well written and a fun ride to go on throughout the book
 Received as it was replacing a school book that was losted by my grandson. Nothing more to say about this.
 I'm a devoted Potterhead...what more can I say?
 Excellent
 Great
 Very good
 Seller made good on shipping problem. Very happy.
 The Harry Potter books are the best books ever written and this order was to replace the first book in the series that someone had borrowed from me and never returned :(  I ADORE this book!
 Great book
 This product was shipped promptly and was in pristine condition.  It was a great price and I am fully satisfied.  It is a wonderful translation.  The book maintains its "Harry Potter-ness" while having a distinct Ancient Greek flair.  It's one of the few translations that conveys the dimension of J.K.'s genious.  There are puns and humor and in general it is just wonderfully clever.  I am extremely happy with it.
 One word, "Wow!"<br/><br/>I never wanted to read this series, but now I know why it was so very popular!<br/><br/>Read. It's a must.<br/><br/>You'll love it!
 Have been a fan of the movies and stories of Hogwarts. JK Rowling is a genius with her ability to craft her tales and characters. I wanted to have the books as part of my collection even though I read them all.
 Loved it!!!!
 This is my third reading of all of the Harry Potter books. Once as they came out, again a year after the final one, and now once again. Still totally sucked into the world of Harry Potter, and can barely put my Kindle down as I read through them.
 My 7 year old devoured this book. It is perfect for her due to the illustrations and because it is a chapter book it kept her interested.  If anyone can suggest other similar books- chapter books that are well written and illustrated it would be greatly appreciated.
 Exact edition I wanted and great condition!
 Ordered on-line with 3 day shipping and I received it right on time. It was packaged well. I did receive a special anniversary edition which really wasn't the one I wanted. That was my fault other than that I am satisfied.
 Took a while to get it but it's perfect!!!
 I am a big fan of Harry Potter and this one is just another in an already great line of illustrated books. I really enjoy the art style and how classy these books feel with their glossy pages and silky bookmark. It amazes me that almost every page is illustrated despite this third one being a bit longer than the first two.
 I love  this series! It is a favorite of mine. The first part is hard to get into, but once you get to Hogwarts it's all intrigue from there. J.K Rowling really opened up a new point of view for magic and the magical world. One of the best series in the world.
 I received the book on time and it was in the condition that was described. I have not read the book  yet, but I am sure that I will like it since I like the movie.
 Love it!
 I am studying Spanish at the college level. As a native english speaker who has read all of the books in English. I feel like the magic translates wonderfully. Of course it is not a word for word translation, that is not how languages work :) . But I think that the way it is translated is true to the vibes of the original english verision, and is approchable by both Native Spanish and Native English speakers. Haters gonna hate. Buy the book, it is so worth ten bucks.
 I love all the Harry potter books so far. I can't wait to start the next one. I hear they are just as good.
 stellar.
 love it :)
 I am a huge Harry Potter fan and I needed this to round out my collection. As with all of the books, it is entertaining, funny in places, full of drama in others. The characters and places are rich and descriptive. A must have for your bookshelf.
 About 1/2-way thru;  I'm an adult<br/>I read these for fun &amp; then watch the movies  :)<br/>I love the character developments,<br/>edgy plots,<br/>and whimsical/imaginative scenarios and creatures
 Jim Dale delivers another outstanding audio book.  He does an incredible job with the numerous different characters in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.  I highly recommend this audio book.  Enjoy.
 I bought this for the Harry Potter fan in my life and she loved it!<br/><br/>It is beautifully illustrated and is a real collectors item for anyone who loves the series. It is a larger book, but I love that about it. I look forward to the other books to come out.
 A great adventure
 I bought this for a non-english speaking student.  Great idea on my part to give a new student a book to read on my Kindle.  However, I neither read or speak Spanish so will probably archive this book.  But it saved my bacon on a sub day.  Thanks Amazon.
 Great read. It actually came out when I was the right age for it, but I didn't get to reading them until recently over a bet with my brother. They're wonderful books with amazing details that bring you deep into the story. Wonderful.
 I love Harry Potter! The illustrations are beautiful, but it just seemed like there weren't as many as in previous books. A little bit disappointed.
 My son is 7 and is an avid reader; he loves the Harry Potter books; we read with him since a lot of the vocabulary is difficult for his age, and once he's done with the book, we watch the movie together as a family.
 it was delivered fast, in brand new condition, after reading the first paragraph of this book i knew i was reading something great, i plan on buying the whole collection from amazon, super reliable, thank you!
 I was very happy with this seller. I received the book quickly and it was just as described. Thanks.
 Bought this as a gift to somone who has a Clasics degree. They loved it.
 Probably my favourite book of all the series. I just love the excitement of the "international " competition, and the way the characters develop on this particular instalment. I would highly recommend it.
 In the middle of reading it. So far there is by far more information in the book than the movie. I knew there would be but this movie left out a big chunk in the beginning that in my iPhone shouldn't have been cut! Loving this series can't believe it took me this long to start reading it.
 For a lover of the movies. Reading the books was far better than I could have thought. Must read now
 You have got to experience this book on CD.  It is exciting and fun.  Jim Dale is a genious to be able to pull off these characters.  It's as if you are REALLY THERE.  I highly recommend it and it is worth the price.
 Gorgeous!
 Received as described.  Thanks
 This was such a great purchase! The illustrations are amazing and add so much to this already great book.  We are currently reading it to our 3 year old and he loves it too.  Such a fun way to introduce this series to kids and to enhance the experience for adults.
 The start of the long series is great. A little small for my taste but this is the appetizer before the main course starts. Just a good sense of fun throughout.
 as expected ,,,,,,it was excellent
 Although this is the book it says it is, it is not the ORIGINAL hard cover.  This seems to be a re-print that is smaller than the original, and is printed on paper that is thinner.  Although it is the correct book, I am a collector and was looking for the original hardcover.  I returned the book for that reason only, but service was great.
 This is an awesome book!! This is the first Harry Potter   Kindle in Motion book] where images on the pages move. I truly enjoyed reading and watching the images/graphics move.  I hope Jim Kay does this with the other Harry Potter books!! Thank you Jim Kay.
 This is when the series starts to get darker and more serious. IDC what anyone says - this series is just as much for adults as it is for kids. I loved it as a kid when I read it for the first time and I love it even more now as an almost 30 year old!
 I love it!
 I love it!
 I love it!
 The Goblet of Fire chooses Harry to be the fourth candidate to compete in the Triwizard tournament and this leads to his facing Lord Voldermot again not to mention tangling with a dragon, growing gills to complete the second task.
 This was a gift for my wife for Christmas.<br/>The shipping was very good, and the product came undamaged, wrapped securely in its box.<br/><br/>The book itself is very well done with every other pages or so with an illustration.<br/>My wife was thrilled with it and looks forward to delicately flipping through the pages!
 The best!
 hi i am ten and have read this. i am on book six.  the tregway tunerment is coming up and harry got chosen to be in it anhe is to young. and he has to much to think about his crush cho cang but if you want to know alot about cho read book 5.<br/>harry has to figer out about the three obsicals and figt them like a dragen, merpeple, maze and a sad death from astudent of hogwartss diggry chos boyfrend
 Have seen the movies, but had not read any of the books.  All of my adult friends have raved about the books.  I don't have a lot of time for reading, so I bought the audio version to listen to in the car.  Got through this first book while driving up to Maine and back.  Glad I bought it.  Knowing the full story brought additional understanding to some of the things in the movie and the individual doing the reading was very pleasant to listen to.
 Received item quickly.  Item used but in excellent condition just as described.  Could not have made a better purchase from anyone else.  THANK YOU! MERRY CHRISTMAS!
 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5)  if you tried the earlier books  you may like this one-- looks like every book for each of harry potters school year gets bigger and bigger.. fairy fun reading--- read them all and moved on
 The best (so far) of the series.
 It is an adventurous book and I just love the series! Although I feel really bad for Cedric and his parents
 Beautiful illustrations
 My favorite book series - I grew up on Harry Potter. I purchased this paperback as a gift for my nephew whom is now old enough to read books of this level. Books are the best gifts!<br/><br/>Quality of paperback was good and the usual - nothing shocking here.
 My favorite book series - I grew up on Harry Potter. I purchased this paperback as a gift for my nephew whom is now old enough to read books of this level. Books are the best gifts!<br/><br/>Quality of paperback was good and the usual - nothing shocking here.
 Great story
 Absolutely beautiful illustrations!! I bought this to read aloud to my class because I didn't think they could focus on it without the pictures but knew they'd love the story so it's perfect. Very heavy so my arm can get tired holding it up while reading it aloud but it's worth it!
 What a beautiful revamp to a classic story! This is a great way for adults to re-enjoy one of the best series ever written or for children to enjoy while  viewing the beautiful new illustrations. I'm looking forward to reading this with all the new artwork :)
 I love this book series and I love reading it from the U.K instead of the U.S publishings. I recommend this book series to EVERYONE! I feel in love with the books, the charactors, I cried many times and Ive read each book over 50 times each. Perfect for anyone. A MUST BUY
 My 5 yo son loves reading these books together! A great way to foster reading and a love of adventure!
 I bought this as a gift for a friend. She loved it. And she's 7 years old. She's reading through the whole series again and I just love the fact that I could give her these great stories that I know she will always cherish.
 This is the most amazing book I own! The illustrations will blow you away! If you are a fan of Harry Potter, you NEED this! I will be buying all the illustrated editions and can't wait to introduce my young children to the wonderful world of Harry Potter using these books!
 This is my favorite book in the series and the first one that I received from the illustrated editions. I now want all of them! Jim Kay's pictures are absolutely beautiful with the same kind of vivid detail that you'd expect from J.K. Rowling universe.
 Great
 I love this jigsaw sticker book, and that it is from first book and the UK version. The US version is called Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I recommend this seller. Thanks :)
 I bought this for my 7 yo. granddaughter's birthday.  She's already read the first two books and was looking forward to continue the story.  Harry Potter has really gotten her excited about reading.
 Bought for son's college class; not sure what context it will be used in, as same class required the works of Shakespeare. This has spawned a glut of Harry Potter movie watching, and HOPEFULLY reading as well....the daughter cherishes her copy.
 Wonderful addition to the Harry Potter series.  This was a re-read for me -- the third time, I think.  We get so familiar watching the movies over and over again, that we forget the vast riches in the books that are absent in the film's. Great to be reminded.
 Lovely and respectfully illustrated, this book is amazing. I read Harry Potter for the first time aloud to the rest of my family after dinner for a month and it made it so much more of a special experience being able to share the drawings. We can't wait for the next one to come out!
 The book had someone else's name in it and some of the pages had been dog-eared, but its still a fantastic book, and i'm so glad to have the first in the series back in my collection. Great read, good seller, good shipping time.
 Love the book had it in paperback happy i have it in hard cover now wish it was the normal size book
 Great condition
 I bought this as a present for my niece who has read the books a million times.  All the kids made grabs for it.<br/><br/>Things of note, there's not pictures on every page.  Its the same book.  The characters look different than the movie, which is great.
 WOW! What a beautiful high quality book. I purchased this for my soon-to-be 7 year old for Christmas and I'm tempted to just loan it to her so she doesn't take off with it when she leaves home. The illustrations are superb and I was shocked at the size and quality of the paper. It's books like this that make owning the real deal better than a kindle.
 I LOVE the Harry Potter series and I KNOW it was already a children's book. However, reading the actual book to my over energetic nine year old was impossible. With these illustrations it was a delight for both of us! I can't wait for the others to come out.
 A classic - I decided to purchase this for my granddaughter who is very picky about the books she reads.  She loved reading it as my children did so many years ago. She is 12. Yes, the movie is out there, but there is nothing like the imagination of a reader
 Absolutely beautiful!
 I bought this as a gift for a friend. She loved it. And she's 7 years old. She's reading through the whole series again and I just love the fact that I could give her these great stories that I know she will always cherish.
 J.K.Rowling certainly knows what she's doing in this series. This installment keeps you wondering right up to the end.  Lots of twists and turns and unexpected events.  A lot of new and interesting additional characters.  A page-turner.
 Amazing! Thanks for selling this cheaper then the stores. I love Harry Potter so much that I had to have this! Been reading to my 3 year old and he likes the pictures. Very happy customer.
 These books are so gripping....just can't put them down!<br/>Harry, Ron and Hermione are constantly finding themselves involved in adventure that draws you in, it's like you're right in the mix. I love these books, I just wish the story could continue!!
 All the Harry Potter books are great.  This is the first in the series where you meet Harry and the other main characters.  A great start to a fantastic series.
 I've been meaning to read this for years. It did not disappoint,  even though I've seen bits of the movies. The characters are strong and clearly good or bad, a little predictable, in a children's book kind of way. The dialogue is great. The plot was strong and it's all very atmospheric. A dream world for those who like magic stories, well told.
 A very good book, what a joy to enjoy a book with my grandchildren!!
 As a huge fan of the Harry Potter series, I was happy to see that there was an illustrated version. Great drawings and I look forward to reading to my niece and kids when they are old enough to enjoy. It will be a great way for them to read and enjoy the novels.
 Couldn't put it down!
 I can not say enough good things about this book. It is certainly a must have for any Harry Potter fan. The pictures are so well drawn and the colors are what you would imagine in your head while reading. Can not wait until Chamber of Secrets get released like this.
 Amazing illustrations. I read the whole series and wanted my daughter to start reading it too. She is afraid of scary and dangerous plot twists, which this book has plenty of. Illustrations help alleviate the tension for young readers and give a face to magical creatures and things, which are otherwise hard to imagine. Even my wife, who is not a fan of any fantasy books/movies, started reading. I can't wait to collect the whole series, even though it will take a couple of years.
 I boight this book for my boyfriend for our first year anniversary. It was in great condition and made for the perfect gift!
