 If you need to protect your iPhone, this is the way to do it. My special needs son got irritated by a game he was playing and THREW MY PHONE OUT THE WINDOW while I was driving. (No parent shaming please.). I was driving about 40 MPH at the time. In the time it took for me to turn around safely, I saw my phone get run over by 2 cars. While I was cringing, my Otter Box was busy living up to its reputation!  My phone doesn’t have even a scratch on it! Everything is working exactly as it should. The only downfall? It’s a little dirty now. Big, huge thanks to OtterBox Defender!!!!!
 So, I've always had OtterBoxes. Well, I've always had OtterBoxes since I bought my first one for a 4s. Over the years they have been exceptionally good products. The only times I've ever cracked my phones was when I took them out of the case for the day. Murphy's law I guess. This case for the iPhone 7 is no exception. I am in line construction and I carry this phone on my belt every day. It does not have a single scratch after months of abuse.  I am very hard on my phone just due to the nature of the job. I've dropped it out of a bucket truck at 10 feet, dropped it in mud, had pvc glue spilled on it etc.  This case is a perfect way to protect your investment if you go to trade in your phone. Zero scratches or cracks fetches a better trade price at your carrier.<br/>I tried a Life Proof on an iPhone 5 one time and found it to be cheaply made and far too expensive. For me, the main advantages of Life Proof cases were the dust protection and water resistance. However, since the implementation of IP67, the Life Proof has completely lost its weight on the field in my opinion.<br/>One should note that this case was made for a tough life. If your phone isn't going to be thrashed all day, every day, I might even call it overkill. It is very thick and bulky, and does not fit in the pocket of any of my pants - I must use the belt clip exclusively. Also the integrated screen protector has a mind of its own. There are reviews that state that the screen protector has excellent responsiveness - lies. It also renders the Touch ID essentially useless. I have found the best combination is to remove the plastic screen protector completely and install a glass protector on the phone itself. It's better protected this way and you get your Touch ID and responsiveness back.<br/>The last gripe I have is that there seems to be a 'second skin' that has started peeling off on the back. It's nothing that would compromise the integrity of the case - it's just ugly. Try and fix this otterbox!<br/><br/>Overall, this is a fabulous case. It's a little heavy (which I like), it has an unparalleled protection factor, looks cool. The only reason for 4 stars are the gripes stated above, namely the outer onion layer peeling issue. Unless something major changes, I'll continue buying OtterBox!
 This case is very representative of previous versions of the DEFENDER series. It fits on my iPhone 8 very well and provides the durability I desired. However, this case has one major flaw. The quality of the rubber covering the case is nowhere near the quality of previous DEFENDER series cases I have owned. Within two weeks of light use, the rubber began to peel off of the back of the case. Upon searching through other reviews, it seems that others are also experiencing the same issue for this edition of the DEFENDER series. This is a very dissapointing outcome for a new case that is almost double the price of other durable cases. I am dissapointed in a company I have held in high regards, and now I am unsure if I will use Otterbox products in the future.
 Tight fit  It’s hard to use the touch screen you really have to push down and the letters on the edge are tricky hard to push down I took the plastic cover off the otter box and used a glass cover screen
 I bought this case 6 months ago. 3 months later it began peeling for no reason. I do absolutely nothing different. Normal use. I usually keep it in my pocket or purse. Now this very expensive case looks so trashy. Don't buy!
 This is a complete piece of garbage.  The Touch ID doesn’t work well through the cover, and (almost immediately after the return window ended), the back started peeling.  The photo shows how bad the back looks after less than 2 months.  The pictures say it all - it is horrible.  Had the exact same case for an iPhone 6 and it worked fine for years.  There is something very wrong with this batch.
 I've been a loyal OtterBox customer for several years now. When I recently upgraded to an iPhone 7, I immediately jumped on Amazon to purchase a new OtterBox case for my phone. I was delighted to find a case for the iPhone 7 in my favorite color (Tempest Blue/Aqua Mint), and purchased it immediately. Within two days of owning this case, I noticed a slight purple discoloration on the edges of the phone, resulting from minimal exposure to moisture. For instance, I rested my phone on the kitchen counter, which was slightly damp, and when I picked the phone back up the discoloration was immediately noticeable.<br/><br/>In the 10 days that I've owned this case, it has never been exposed to any kind of significant moisture, any dyes, or any dirt. Yet, it is almost completely discolored and is unrecognizable as the case that I ordered. For a nearly $50 case, I expected it to maintain some kind of aesthetic stability for longer than 10 days... especially since it is kept indoors in a clean environment.<br/><br/>Very, very disappointed. Will be contacting OtterBox for a refund.
 Okay so here are the basic observations I have on this case.<br/><br/>1. This case is AWESOME at protection I have dropped my phone several times and there has be no damage at all.<br/><br/>2. It's NOT dust free as the description stated when I purchased the case. About once a month I take it apart and clean my phone.<br/><br/>3. The finger print sensor sucks on this case. I don't know why but OtterBox has placed a plastic covering over the finger print sensor. Theres no covering over the camera or the ear piece (which is probably how the dust gets in) because if there was if would affect  the performance of those things. Covering the finger print sensor makes it harder for the sensor to get a good read. I am frequently having to type in my passcode.<br/><br/>Over all I thing this case does what it is supposed to do. It keeps me from having to buy a new phone because me and my butter fingers are always dropping my phone.<br/><br/>A request for OtterBox though. I would love to see a wallet case from you guys that has all the protection of your normal cases. That would be awesome
 I was disappointed with my Otterbox case.  First issue was the included screen protector.  It had a large enough space between the phone and screen protector that there was a snapping noise when trying to hit the screen and you had to push down very hard just to get it to work.  I eventually just pealed off the protector that came with the case and got a separate screen protector.  Then after a couple days the belt clip caught on a car seat as I was sliding out and ripped right off.  The second star is only because the basic function of the case seems to be fine but this is a dramatic drop off in quality from what I have come to expect from Otterbox.
 It is clearly stated in the description that this is made for iPhone 8 but this product does NOT work with iPhone 8. The screen protector built into the defender case does not sit flush on the screen of the iPhone 8.
 The outside of the case is as-expected, but the built in screen protector is garbage and renders the phone rather useless. There is such a large gap between the protector and the phone that it makes it difficult if not impossible to type anything or press any icons/links on the screen. Very unhappy.
 It's big and padded and removes all sleekness from your brand new phone.<br/><br/>I know OtterBoxes are for quality protection but I think I will be shifting to something smaller soon. I hadn't upgraded phones in over 3 years and was being a bit too protective when I finally did. It's just too big. That's not why I removed 2 stars though.<br/><br/>These cases come with a plastic cover which doesn't cling to the screen. It makes using all that upgraded touch screen technology a real pain. It's just not every going to be as responsive. If you look closely at some of the pictures, you'll see that there's a little separate piece of plastic that covers the home button/fingerprint pad. It's glued to the larger screen protector as well as the case around it. The edge of that is hard plastic and sticks up just enough to catch a little on my pocket or stuff inside it. An edge of it finally started to stick up and that drove me crazy.<br/><br/>This is when I read that some people removed the entire screen and home button protector and put on their own. So that's exactly what I did; I took apart the case, ripped out all the see through plastic and put on a nice piece of tempered glass on my screen. Now it's super responsive and the iPhone 8 is already water resistant so I'm not overly worried.<br/><br/>As my case currently is (essentially modded), I would rate it higher as the case is otherwise well built and I'm comfortable tossing my phone around in it. That built in screen protector was just a drag though. It made using my brand new phone a chore. Every other word I typed was a typo it seemed.<br/><br/>I'll definitely keep this case around as it has its uses but will also invest in a smaller one.
 Purchased this for an IPhone 8.  The case I purchased did not fit the phone.  On the case, the front screen protector bowed outward requiring the use of one hand to compress the bowed out front screen protector while the other hand worked the phone screen.  I made several attempts to re-install the phone in the event I had made some mistake.  The results were the same disappointing bowed front screen cover.  I returned this case to Amazon.<br/>I purchased the same brand and model case, but in the 2017 edition, from a local electronics store, and the case fit and operated perfectly.  It seems that the earlier purchase was of a case from an earlier production run that either was flawed or had design changes for the "2017" version.  I noticed that the case I purchased at a local electronics store had different packaging.
 Absolutely love this case!<br/>My husband decided to get me the iPhone 7, 256gb phone while it was on sale at Verizon. So I obviously need a new case. I had the SE before and my otterbox defender case was a lifesaver. I had dropped that phone in stain, out of a window etc and it was in fantastic condition (yes the case was dirty on the outside but the phone inside was in perfect shape !!! )<br/>So with this new phone, there was no doubt, I had to have the Otterbox defender case for it. I was lucky and got it during cyber Monday at half off.<br/>It came in frustration free packaging (which I love) and took less than 5 mins to put on the phone.<br/>Now I am set!! No worries at all! I KNOW this case will protect my phone from my craziness!<br/>Really this is the best investment you can make in your cellphone!
 I absolutely love these Otter Box Defender cases!  I had one for my iPhone 5S and I now have one for my iPhone 8.  I do tend to drop my phone often and I am lucky to report that it has always bounced - even on the pavement in a parking lot!<br/>I purchased my Otterbox case through Amazon, while my daughter purchased hers from a kiosk in the mall.  The packaging on my daughters said it was 'Otterbox".  But it was not the same product as mine.  Hers had the gap between the plastic screen protector and the case - like many reviewers complain about.  Her case has also peeled, making her case very unattractive as the peeled part gets very dirty.<br/><br/>My case does not have the gap and my previous case did not peel after 4 years!  I also have no problem utilizing the Touch Id.  I believe that the reviewers with the problems probably did not purchase a "real" Otterbox.  Unfortunately, you get what you pay for in this day and age!
 I really like OtterBox's products. I've been a customer for a while and I was particularly 110% satisfied with the OB for my old iPhone 6. However, now that I made the transition to an iPhone 8, I was surprised they are still doing certain things that virtually no one likes or appreciates. For instance, they need to stop trying to sell that silly "screen protector." It's not useful, it gets on the way, and there are better products that can protect your screen. Taking it off is not difficult, but it can be a little bit annoying. Most importantly, the lock and volume buttons are really HARD to press. It's annoying and probably a deal breaker for a few people. I opted for buying a pencil eraser, cut some small pieces and after that, I placed them inside those sections of the cover, and so far, it's been easier to press those buttons.<br/><br/>So, in essence, the case is as good as always, but there's room for improvement. OtterBox, if you're reading this, please don't go backwards, you have a really good product with much more potential. :)
 I have had several OtterBox Defender cases over the years and I have always very happy until this case.  The problem with this case is there is a gap between the screen protector on the case and the screen on the phone.  This gap makes it extremely difficult to use the phone.  I will be sending it back for a replacement case.  I'm hoping I just got a dud.  I will update my review when I get a replacement.
 I bought the Nebula Purple Defender case for my iPhone 7.  I previously ordered this exact case in grey from Amazon for my old iPhone 6.  This Defender case feels like slightly different materials than my iPhone 6 case.  The outer rubber part isn't as grippy and the internal plastic pieces aren't as thick and sturdy.  All in all this new case seems like cheaper materials than my old Defender case.  I will give it a try since my old case did me well for a long time.  I dropped my phone so many times I lost count, never had a scratch or crack on my phone.  I'm fine with using it as is, not going to modify it by removing the plastic screen cover and replacing it with a tempered glass screen cover like some others have suggested.  That's a lot of work and not sure it's needed.  I do love those tempered glass covers but with a sturdy enough rubber case, you shouldn't need it.  I will update if this cover fails, but I've used so many different brands and styles of iPhone cases and this Otterbox Defender has proven to provide the best protection.  Yes it's big and bulky compared to others, but it saves my phone so who cares.  And it does fit in my jeans pocket, some others said it does not.  Try this case, you won't be disappointed (if you drop your phone.)
 There is a gap between the screen protector and the screen which makes it aggravating as heck to click on the screen to do anything!
 Disappointed. Have always loved Otterbox Defender series for previous phones but I got an IPhone 8 and it makes the fingerprinted reader NEVER work. It’s so frustrating. I think I will either have to buy a different case, did a way to peel off this part of the cover, or never use the Touch ID. Sigh. Cannot recommend, sadly.
 I waited a few months before my review. I originally had my first Otterbox Defender series case for the iPhone 4s. It was perfect. Fit the dimensions well and I had that phone for nearly 4 years. I only gave it up because of the memory issues.<br/>Skip ahead to my new iPhone 7 2016. I have another Otterbox case which was fine but I was dropping the phone so I decided to update this past Fall with the tried and tested Defender.<br/><br/>It’s ok. The quality seems to have gone downhill. The microphones are completely covered and it’s nearly impossible to have a decent speaker phone call.<br/>The case itself fits the iPhone fine however the rubber outter layer has NEVER fit the iPhone properly. It’s so bad I need to take the phone completely out to clean the screen on the inside from all the dust getting in between the rubber gap.<br/>Basically imagine a street walker and what happens to get over time and that’s how the bottom of this case looks with the rubber. It’s stretched out an getting worse. Overall I’m pretty disappointed with this latest Otterbox. Enough to look to other Brands in the future 🤷🏼‍♀️
 I've bought many OtterBox Defender Series phone cases over the years and this one is terrible. All the camo is coming off the back of the back of the case and I received it Oct 19th 2017. I contacted Amazon over a week ago to no avail. I'm not sure if this is just horrible quality or if I paid for an authentic OtterBox and received a counterfeit version. The first pic is the newest one. The second pic is one I had on my iPhone 6 for 2.5 years.
 I have found OtterBox to provide a very high level of protection for my iPhone.  This case covers both the front and back of the phone and surrounds it with a rigid plastic box plus a rubber cover across the back and sides.  All the phone buttons are easily accessible and the touch feature works perfectly through the phone cover.  The OtterBox also gives me a firmer grip on the phone when I am using it since I am holding onto a soft rubber case instead of the slick metal.  The OtterBox is attractive, but that is secondary to the protection this case offers for my phone.  I recommend OtterBox with zero reservations.  The product and the price are a bargain as protection for the pricey mobile phone.  I have used OtterBox on my last 3 iPhones and have NEVER had any problems with the protection provided by this case.
 This otter box has been awesome in protecting my iphone. I feel it’s secure and safe. It is a tad bulky, but honestly I don’t mind it as long as it’s safe, heck I paid a lot for my dang iphone. It doesn’t really mention that the otter box also comes with a plastic cover attached to it, it also covers the home button. At first I didn’t like it, but it grew on me. However, eventually my thumbprint wasn’t able to be read from the home button so I ripped the plastic cover on top of the home button area. The rest is still covered by the plastic cover. Overall great durability. Covers the charging area. Speakers and camera are exposed as they should be. Overall great item, highly recommend if you’re looking for something to keep your phone safe.
 Love these. Both my husband and I use them on our iPhones, but the outside rubberized covers wear out too quickly and end up not fitting around the hard shell after about 6 months. at this rate we're replacing them every  year, which is certainly cheaper than replacing a phone every year, but it would be nice if you could just get a replacement rubberized cover instead of the whole case.
 It's not water-proof but it's just about everything-else proof. It completely encases the phone. The screen doesn't affect the iPhone's touch sensitivity or the touch id. Short of dropping your phone in the ocean, there's not a lot you can do that would cause your phone to break while it's in this case. That being said, it does make the phone bulkier. It may not fit in to a small pocket or purse - especially if you have the larger iPhone Plus model. The silicone outer case makes the phone a lot less prone to slipping out of your hand but it makes it a bit more difficult to slip in and out of your back pocket. I've been using Otterbox cases for years. All my field service technicians have them. They're great for kids too. I have no affiliation with Otterbox and was not paid for this review. I really like the product that much.
 This is my 3rd iPhone and 3rd otter box defender.  Always been very pleased with both.  I’m not easy on my phones, but the case always takes it like a champ.  My last phone was probably dropped 20 times and both phone and case still look brand new.  How ever, this new phone and case have been dropped once, and there are dimples all over the case.  Looks like it’s been kicked around for years. In the pictures I posted, the first two of the larger phone are my Ipone 7+ where the case, although dirty, looks pretty much brand new still scratch or dent wise.  The send two are of my brand new iPhone 8 with the same case that already has scratches dimples in it.  My impression so far is that material/build quality have gone way down, which is disappointing considering my previous experiences, and the brand recognition and thereby price tag that go along with this product.
 Can't keep debris from under screen for even one day!  Screen fills with debris behind case.  This is the worst designed otter box I have ever owned!  It doesn't fit right to IPhone 7! I have had iPhones with otter box cases for iPhone 5 and  6.
 I purchased this product to match something that I carry everyday. The blue is lighter than the image shown. The glossy black around the camera affects the glare on your camera images. The shiny surface reflects the light into the camera lens. To fix that I used some sandpaper and removed the shine from the surface. The screen produces a washed out image of your screen. To fix that I cut out the plastic covering the screen off and installed a glass screen protector in its place. I left the thumb protection plastic on. I use it on an iPhone 6 and like that I can use the headphones right through the bottom opening of the case. This case provides great protection.
 This is probably my 8th Otterbox (or more). Obviously, I am a fan. But this one is not nearly as good as the others I’ve had. I always get the Defender Series and they are amazing at protecting my phone. One time, my phone fell in a parking lot and when we found it, it had tire marks on it. It had been run over by a car and my phone was perfectly fine!! I didn’t even need a new case!! Awesome. But this newest case is REALLY hard to type with. Everyone who uses my phone comments on how awful it is. It’s actually painful to type on it. I’m so bummed!! All of my other cases (both for iPhones and iPads) get 5 stars. This one would get less but it does protect my phone and I’m happy about that!
 With iPhone 8 there is space between the phone’s touchscreen and the Otterbox screen protector. The space makes typing challenging at best, mostly troublesome. Despite the claim in the ad that the case is compatible with iPhone 8, it really is not unless you never type letters with your smartphone. Very disappointed with what are usually superior, well designed products
 My last 3 phones have been protected by Otterbox. A little more bulky than others but worth it to not worry when my phone gets dropped on my cement garage floor as I’m carrying groceries in. That seems to happen more than it should to me. :)
 God best protection case ever. Can’t tell you the amount of times I drop my iPhone and at 30 to 35 miles an hour when I was bicycling thought the phone would be gone so many times and that thing just bounced off the cement and work just fine got a hard plastic outer layer on the outsides and backing a slight covering for the front screen but doesn’t interfere at all with the touching of the screen. And then it’s got a nice rubber around  The corners to give it to bounce so it’s reinforced with a hard plastic underneath the rubber save my phone so many times moved up to an iPhone 8 they make them for iPhone eights now and tans I had an old iPhone for ass for a long time because this Autre case kept it from breaking I was rough on my phone I didn’t mean to be but if I didn’t have a case like this that phone would not last long  moved up to a better iPhone just because it was time to get better features. But this case oh my God short of the underwater case which didn’t work for me because I couldn’t hear the phone as well there’s not a better protection case around at groups real good and feels like it’s protected because it is but it doesn’t inhibit using it in any way
 A great case.  I tried a different brand for a while and was not satisfied so...I returned to Otter Box and am happy again.<br/><br/>A word of caution - when pulling open the flap to insert your charging cable, don’t overextend the flap. Doing so will cause the flap to break off after repeated use.  As long as you don’t bend it farther than needed to insert your charger, all will be fine.
 This case is stellar. After having many LifeProof cases for my previous iPhone, enough was enough. They both ended up being overpriced cases; mine had the unfortunate surprise of springing a leak. Had to put my iPhone 5 in a bag of rice for over a week. I had recently purchased an iPhone 7 and knew that I wanted the best protection for a decent price and had always heard good things about OtterBox cases. With the amazing prices on Amazon I decided to go with the Defender. Yeah this may not be 100% water proof, but for the amount of money I paid for this iPhone and the fact they are more water resistant than previous models, I don't think full water proofing is a nescarry feature.<br/>I've already dropped this bad larry quite a few times and pretty sure the case has paid for itself. The Anti slip grip is a really nice feature as well. The belt hook that comes with it is fairly decent as well. Use it daily, as with the case on the phone becomes to awkward to fit inside my pocket. As stated previously, this is well worth it, especially to what they ask at the Verizon store or similar locations for smartphone accessories.<br/><br/>Bottom Line : Great price for protecting your $700 phone.
 I can literally throw my iPhone 8 full force at solid concrete and have virtually no damage aside from a few minor scratches. This case will take almost every realistic situation you throw at it. I love the OtterBox Defender series, I've been using it for years. These cases will defend even the most brittle of phones.<br/><br/>Durability is a five, because it has protected my phone without hardly any noticeable damages (scratches.) The phone still runs just as fast and efficiently as it did at time of purchase.<br/><br/>Value for money is a five because this thing is a godsend and works so well.<br/><br/>Material quality is a five because the only reason the case has any damage is because I literally throw this thing. I'm not even kidding, my friends get really nervous and question how much I trust the case, which is wholeheartedly. The material also feels great to the touch and is far from uncomfortable, which is usually why people go without a case is either comfort or looks. This case both feels comfortable and looks great.
 Great fit and level of protection. I think its the same as the Defender Series OtterBox I purchased for my iPhone 5. When I traded my iPhone 5 recently, it looked brand new thanks for the OtterBox Defender case. I definitely wanted the same level of protection for my iPhone 8 as they're so expensive &amp; fragile now. (Even if it feels like a small brick lol.) Love the Big Sur color too. I will always be a returning customer to the Defender Series.
 The otterbox product itself is good. Something you don't really know until you get it though, the case is so large it will take your 4.7" screen iphone 7 and make it nearly the size of the Plus version. My phone is a lot larger now. But I guess that is what you do when you want to avoid an expensive replacement after an accident.<br/><br/>I bought a pre-opened item to save a little because the description said it had only been "repackaged". Okay so that means I get everything, it's just not in the original box? Ok by me. When the item arrived, there was no documentation on how to even get the phone in the case! So documentation was missing, and not listed on the item description. And there were fingerprints all over the inside and outside of the clear/windowed parts of the case. It took about 10 minutes of vigorous cleaning with a soft cloth and some alcohol to get them off, so I didn't have some strangers' fingerprint smudges on my iphone case (inside AND out) permanently. I'd ask Amazon to provide better description in these pre opened items, because the one I bought was misleading. I was able to google for instructions to open and install the phone in the Otterbox.<br/><br/>If I hadn't experienced the problems I did, I'd have rated this a 4.
 Not a fan of the “frustration-free” packaging. The box was a pain to open compared to other packages I’ve received from Amazon in normal packaging. The case looks and feels good and sleek. I purchased black to avoid the discoloration like many others, because I do put my phone in my back pocket a lot.<br/><br/>I would have just made a warranty claim with Otterbox, but they refuse to honor the warranty claim on my Otterbox Defender for iPhone 7 JUST because I made a warranty claim on my Otterbox Defender for my iPhone 6S last year, plus I suspect they’re taking into consideration the warranty claim I had to make on my LifeProof case for my iPhone 6S because the rubber tore away at the charging port door (they are notoriously difficult to open with normal every day use), also LAST YEAR.<br/><br/>The reason I’ve had to make these claims is for issues with the products themselves. I’ve never dropped, thrown, or mistreated any of these products. Any and all damage has come from manufacturing defects - discoloration, tearing, loosening, breaking. Call me crazy, but I expect cases that I spend $50-$100 on to last more than six months. I also expect that with EACH NEW PURCHASE, the one-year warranty is included. It’s not called a “once-in-a-lifetime” warranty. I understand that as a business, they have the right to deny warranty claims as they see fit. But, if they are only going to offer warranty claims until you make a claim, and then refuse to honor them for any future products you purchase from them, they should make that more clear.<br/><br/>Otherwise, it’s an Otterbox and nothing else really protects phones like the Otterbox Defender. I wish they’d honor warranty’s for all purchase and increase their quality control, though, because it as deteriorated as well.
 Otter box is the most durable case out there.  Worth every penny. Been 6 months and absolutely no issues. I have bought 3 Other cases not the last 2 yes with  and belt clips, and they all broke within months.  Don’t go cheap if you carry your phone on the belt clip every day like me.  Just not worth it unless you get an otter box.
 I purchased this case 7 months ago and I expected it to last at least a couple of years. It felt "hardened" when I first purchased it and I enjoyed the strong protection. I I remember how I struggled to get the cover on which gave me more confidence that it would last for a while. However, it's become very flimsy and pliable. The sides and bottom edge slip off easily esp. when I snap it into the Otterbox carrier that I purchased. I plan on filing a warranty claim with Otterbox.
 I purchased this case one month ago for my new iPhone8.<br/><br/>It has started leaking after one month!! The smallest drop of water I.e. washing my face hands or dishes watching my kids play in the pool or rain. Leaks through the top near the speaker and camera and at the home button Leaving the water trapped in between the case and my phone. The plastic Material over thehome button has stretched and is baggy( from moderate use of 1 MONTH) Making Every day use irritating.  Has never been submerged in water (Besides recommended 24hr trial with out phone)<br/><br/>It worked great for a few weeks But for the cost of this case and the sake of  keeping my new phone safe it is not a reliable or economical purchase. Don’t waste your money
 In general it seems good, and very protective. It's bulkier than the iPhone alone, but that's a price I'm willing to pay, having dropped my previous phone. However the plastic screen guard has a couple of problems. One, my fingerprint wasn't recognized anymore, because the plastic was a little wrinkled. More important, the touch screen didn't work (with the OtterBox plastic cover on) when I'd been out in the cold for a little while. It was 12-degree F weather, but mostly the phone had been in my car for 20 minutes, so should have been more like 30 degrees, then a 3-minute walk across the parking lot. After I got inside and put the phone in my pocket for 5 minutes, the touch screen worked. This means that the phone won't work for my outdoor activities in Minnesota during the winter. So I removed the plastic cover.
 Purchased for my Iphone 7. Love the sturdy case with the rubber insert. Plugs for cords and pushbuttons in all the right places. My only issue was the included clear plastic cover. The cover is attached to the edges of the case. The problem was the clear cover didn’t quite make complete contact with the phone surface. It became impossible to hit any of the keys on the edge of my phone. My solution?- I cut out the clear cover with a razor blade. I now have a protected phone and complete contact with my phone screen.
 I have always Purchased Outterbox’s for my phones as long as I can remember. But within a week of having it on my phone the rubber started pealing  i love the color and I got so many compliments on it in the beginning. I feel like it should last longer then two weeks. I had my Outterbox’s in the past for over a year. I’m not sure if this is a fake or Outterbox is making cheaper products but I am so disappointed especially since it was $50. The plastic shell was still in tact but the rubber is just wearing away.
 I’ve personally have always been a fan of otter box cases. My parents always had them as I grew up, so I know they were good. I finally got one of my own, on my own haha. It’s a great case!! It’s built very well and every part of the case is very high quality. The only issue I run into is that the little cover over the home button won’t let my fingerprint scan. Stuff builds up in there easily and then my fingerprint won’t work.
 I am a defender series fanatic. I buy them for every phone and iPad. I have never had a problem until this one. The screen felt cheap and raised. I would have to put my passcode in multiple times because it would not sense my touch. It was very annoying and inconvenient. I called otter box their customer service is awesome and very helpful. They sent a new one, the screen quality between the two was very different. The one I bought on amazon was made in Mexico and the one sent from amazon was made in China. I even noticed a difference in the inside black lining. The outside protector even had a more snug and better feel to it. Not sure if these are authentic, just made cheaper depending on location, or I just got a bad apple. Thank you otterbox for your amazing customer service happy with my replacement case feels and works great as an otterbox should.
 I had an Otter Box Commuter for my iPhone 6 and when I upgraded to an 8, I knew I wanted another. When I saw this purple case, though, I had to have it. I love the color, it’s sturdy, and really feels like it would protect my phone from almost anything*.<br/><br/>I’m not nuts about the screen cover, though. The 3D Touch sometimes misfires during use and I think it’s because of the added piece of plastic. However, my phone also came with one of those military-grade plastic screen covers already on it (hand me down phone) so maybe it’s because there are 2 extra layers between my finger and the screen.<br/><br/>At any rate, i have my phone in my hand most of the day and it’s good to know that if I drop it, it will most likely be fine.<br/><br/>*I accidentally spilled some glass cleaner on it while wiping down another device, and the moisture immediately got under the case’s screen. So while the various jacks and buttons are well-covered as far as dust and dirt, do NOT expect this case to keep out liquids!
 I have had my Otter Bix case for about a month now. I read the reviews prior to purchasing and was concerned with color fading, screen view and hone key protections. I am very please with my purchase.<br/>I have the blue/grey version and there has been no notice of color fade at all.<br/>The screen works just fine with my IPhone 7, no issues with plastic pushing on my touch screen, I text, play games and email just fine. You do need to clean the inside of the plastic prior to putting your phone in or you will see every speck of dirt/dust/packing once you use your phone and have a white background- thus may drive some people nuts, I am ok with it.<br/>I had read people did not like the thin film plastic over the home button- they said it looks cheap. I like it because it protects the button and is really thin- it is way stronger than it looks. No issues at all with reading my thumb print.<br/><br/>My only issue with the Otter Box and this will never get fixed is that on the back they have a round cut out so that everyone can see you own an IPhone. It looks cool, however if I did not have the hole the phone would be better protected from water and stress from bending.<br/><br/>Overall great product. Save yourself some money and order it online here if you have the time to wait for it shipping. I estimate I save about $20-25 buy buying it on Amazon than in a store.
 WOW, After searching for the best case and even ordering a bad one, I found the BEST! Ignore any and all bad comments. This Otterbox is the best protection on the market. And, I did not get it free. Being a man 😀 And prone to leave things laying around, I bought the orange case. The case has a solid feel with rubbery edges, it will not slide out of my hand or pocket. All buttons work and I have no idea why anyone would want to add or replace screen protector. Quit looking and don't do the $9.99 mistake.
 I am a big fan of the defender series. This has saved my precious iPhone 7 from numerous falls on numerous surfaces. Highly recommend any design in this series for your vulnerable, expensive phone! Worth the cost! This has been my favorite case so far (had several for my iphone 4). The casing does get grimy, but it cleans well with a damp cloth. Just be careful when cleaning the back since the camera is there. Sometimes liquid and dirt seep through the front so be sure to take your phone out to clean it every now and then. I use a per-moistened lens wipe (for glasses) to clean the phone and the defender screen front. It is easy to assemble and to take apart to clean the phone. Highly recommend!
 We originally ordered this case for my son when he upgraded to the iphone 8. It was very durable, easy to use, and we love the otterbox brand. Unfortunately, he left his phone in an uber car and by the time he contacted the driver, the driver said he didn't see a phone in his back seat. Long story short, we had to have the phone black listed so whomever got the phone won't be able to activate it with any carrier and got an iphone 7 as a replacement and ordered the same exact case. Again, it was a perfect fit. hopefully won't have to order again but if I do, I know I can rely on this case.
 I bought my first Otter Box in 2012 to house my iPhone 5. I used that same phone for over 5 years because the Otter Box kept it safe. Naturally over time and hundred of accidental drops, kicks, spills, etc, it did get scratched and dirty,  but my phone was safe and in perfect condition. I only recently upgraded my phone from 5 to i8, and I refused to use the new phone until I had it cozy in a new Otter Box.  I love how they have slimmed down the design without compromising protection. I will say it does take a bit of frustrating finesse to get the phone into the box, but once it is in and snapped shut, the silicon exterior case is easy to slip on.  Yes I know that the Otter Box is a bit bigger than other cases and perhaps more expensive,  but to me a lifetime guarantee is worth it! One time I saw someone’s phone get ran over by a car and it was totally fine. Why? Because of the Otter Box (which was destroyed, but hey the phone was safe!)<br/><br/>The most important part of this thing, aside from protecting the screen, is the seal around it. The silicon wrapper/outer case keeps all the dust out of the buttons and charging plug. This increases the life of the phone. And if you plan to resell your phone or trade it in, you can guarantee the phone will come out as new as the day you put it in. I love this product and will always use OB to protect my phones.
 I first bought this case from Target.  Within 2 days it was terribly discolored.  So I returned it to Target and ordered another from Amazon, thinking it was just that one case.  I received my case from Amazon, was more careful with it, and after 2 weeks it was discolored badly.  I don't know if it's the new material it's made of or what.  But I am very disappointed in Otterbox for this one.  I was super excited for this color, but I've now returned this to Amazon and gotten a darker Otterbox Defender.  I hope this new, darker one, doesn't get discolored too.  If it does, I'll be returning that one and finding a new brand of case for my phone.
 I was so satisfied with the Otterbox Defender I purchased a few years ago for my Blackberry Q10, I decided to get one when I made the switch to an iPhone 8; the everyday environments my phones are subject to are pretty brutal and I need the best protection for it I can get--and, as far as I know, the Otterbox Defender Series IS the best you can get. Yeah; it's a little clunky, anything but cute and the ringer switch &amp; Lightning connection are a little hard to get to, but the volume/power buttons work fine, the rubber cover is non-skid on just about every surface I've laid it on,  and the clear screen protector, though it takes a little getting used to, is awesome. If, like I am, you're lugging your iPhone into phone-killing environments, then you need one of these; for less than the cost of the repair insurance deductible--much less the $700 iPhone price tag--the Otterbox Defender Series for iPhones 7 &amp; 8 is the best insurance policy you can get.
 I bought this otterbox for an iphone7.  I have one for my old iphone5s as well.  3 stars for the quality of the Otterbox.  2 star deduction for the crap instructions.  The instructions in my package in no way whatsoever matched the defender case.  In a very inconspicuous place on the instruction sheet was a link for use and installation instructions.  I followed the link and it did not even list the 7 case.  It would seem the last update to the instructions ended with the iphone6.  Hopefully there is a Youtube video showing how to open my new Otterbox without breaking it.  Paying $25 for a phone case that probably cost $1 to make in China, I would think they could actually give product specific instructions in the packaging.  This is what opens the door for product ripoffs, bare minimum product support living off the old brand name.
 This is my second Otterbox.  Two things I think could be improved.  I like the Otterbox because it has saved my previous phone numerous times when I dropped it due to arthritis in my hands.  However, the volume control and off buttons are very stiff which makes it difficult to press them.  The other thing I don't care for is the charging port cover.  It is very difficult for me to plug in the charger.  It seems like the opening is too tight.  There is one other minor detail that I was not happy about.  The choice of colors and patterns was very limited for the Iphone 7 Otterbox.  Most of them were ugly in my opinion.  I haven't dropped this phone yet, so can't really say if it does a good job.  I can say it did a great job with my IPhone 6c though.
 NOTHING STICKS TO IT! I buy these for drop protection but like my pop socket. Tried putting my old one on. Not surprised it didn’t stick. It’s been on my prior OB. Bought a knockoff. Didn’t stick. Ok fine. It’s cheap. Bought A LEGIT POP SOCKET AND IT WONT STICK!! Wtf!?! My old otter box it stuck JUST FINE! What have you done to this one to make it anti-stick!?!<br/><br/>Also, its only reading my Fingerprint about 1/2 the time (the coating over that is all bubbles up weird). And my old one scratched like the dickens. This one hasn’t YET but I know it will.<br/><br/>The old one came from Walmart and was 100% an otter box. I replaced because any time it got near moisture (including humidity) it would fog up. But it was 2 years old. This one is making me ANGRY and I’ve had it two weeks.
 There weren't very good instructions as to how to get the iPhone case to come apart. Thank God for the internet!!<br/>Once I was able to figure out how to do it, everything else was easy. The case fits my iPhone 8 perfectly, and I am having no troubles at all with the plastic screen covering; all the keys and icons are working and accessible just as they were prior to putting the case on.<br/>Over all, I am pleased.  :)
 Do not buy this for iPhone 7! There is a big gap between the screen protector and the screen and it makes it very difficult to use the touchscreen. You have to take the screen protector out and it leaves a bad sticky residue.  Way too much to pay for something that doesn't work. Buy another brand! I loved my otterbox defender for my iPhone 5 but I won't be buying an otterbox again.
 Plastic screen cover scratches easy. Better to buy a screen protector and cut out the plastic screen protector. Other than that perfect case for phone protection.
 Bought this Otterbox Defender case for my new iPhone 8.  I tend to drop my phone, so I figured this was my best bet.  Case is as expected, colors are nice, and it was a good buy for the price.  I haven't dropped the phone yet so I can't speak to whether it will protect it, although it's the sturdiest phone case I've ever had.  My only issue is that there is an attached screen protector, and it doesn't sit flush on the phone screen - there's a bit of a gap, causing me to have to push harder on the edges of the screen.  As much as I love it for the protection aspect, I'm ordering an Otterbox Symmetry case and buying a separate screen protector (the Symmetry series doesn't come with the screen protector attached).
 I went with otter box because they have colors that I like better; but I should have gotten a life prof case. My phone is still in mint condition in this otter box case but what I don’t like is how water and dust and hair easily get in. I can set it on the counter on a few drops of water and it sucks it in like a sponge. The rubber case has also loosened over time. I’ve only had it for about a year. My husband has had lifeprof in the past and he and I both feel for our jobs they are the better option. This case is ok but not what we need from a case. I’m a hairdresser and he’s a mechanic. As far as protecting the screen it is excellent. I’ve dropped this thing at least once a day and it’s still perfect.
 I have always used Otterbox cases for my phones, and they always do a good job protecting it.  So far this has protected my phone so I am pretty happy.  Two complaints though, the soft plastic cover over the home button gets creased and scratched very easily which has led to it no longer recognizing my finger prints which is annoying, and the light color gets very dingy very quickly.<br/><br/>After having this case for a while longer, it has become incredibly difficult to press the sleep button on the side of my phone.  When I take the case off the button works fine, so the problem is not with the phone.  Taking a screen shot is almost impossible now which is very inconvenient. I have to press ridiculously hard to put my phone to sleep ans even then sometimes it doesn't work.  Also I am going to have to cut off the plastic over the home button because 9 times out of 10 it cannot register my finger print.  Other than this case protecting my phone from falls, I am pretty disappointed with the product.
 The screen cover doesn't sit tight against the screen of the phone making it difficult to work.  I love the grippy sides and the pink real tree design on the back.  But the screen cover is very annoying.  I need to touch it several times before it works. This is too bad.  In the past, I bought 3 Otterbox defenders for my iPhone 4 and was very satisfied with them.  I just upgraded to the iPhone 8 and thought the quality of the iPhone defender would still be good but sadly it is not.
 I love this case!  It was far better priced than at the retail store and is the exact same case!  Love the color.  Have had no trouble with it at all.  Extremely study as I have dropped my phone on our concrete garage floor MANY times and have had no issues with the phone cracking or breaking.
 I’m hard on my iPhones and once ran over my iPhone 5 in another case with my car and cracked the glass. (It still worked!) Bought the OtterBox Defender for my iPhone 6. It was a smart purchase. 2 years +, I THRASHED the OtterBox, but my phone survived and is in good shape. I just bought the iPhone 8 and did NOT hesitate to purchase another Defender case for the new phone.<br/><br/>I omitted 1 star because the clip case holder will easily break if you drop it enough times. Yes, after a few years of wear and tear, the outer case skin will start to peel, but your phone will stay protected and will be in good shape to re-sell it. You won’t get a whole lot of protection for the iPhone lens inside the case. If you drop the phone frequently, the lens will get scratched. Hopefully OtterBox will make improvements to that feature in their newer models. Lastly, OtterBox customer service is the best.
 A little costly up-front, but these cases really do earn their keep. I drop my phone on concrete/cement almost monthly- and no matter how many times my phone bounces or where it lands, it always comes out in one piece with no damage. This case can take a lot of abuse, and I always have my iPhone protected with an OtterBox Defender. The only part I don't like about the case is by the home button. There is a separate layer of the screen protector that likes to peel up and accumulate dirt around the home button. It's also a pain when I drop water on my phone....it gets under the screen by this part and gets trapped- so I have to take the whole case off and dry it. Aside from this, I love the case.
 I love this case, I switched from a "life proof" case because no one could here me talk through the case. But that changed with the otter box. It feels great in my hand, people can hear me and it feels durable.<br/><br/>Only con about this case is I've noticed I get dust under my screen. I've made sure everything is secure but it still happens. I know this case isn't waterproof but if you're like me and can't stand having dirt on your screen it's something to think about. Other than that it would get a 5/5
 I had a previous version of this exact case for my iPhone 6. I had it for several years and I put it on my iPhone 8 when I got it 6/18. I just never got around to ordering a new one.<br/><br/>When I was ready to order I read a "bunch" of reviews and they mostly trashed the new version of this case.<br/><br/>I almost didn't order one.<br/><br/>That, would have been a big mistake.<br/><br/>It fits like a glove. The openings are perfect for my iPhone 8. It's even better than the previous version, which I dropped about eleventy billion times, and my phone looks as good as new.<br/><br/>I couldn't be happier and if I could filter out all of the reviewers that trashed  this case I'd do it in a heartbeat!
 I love my Otterbox Defender Case!  It sticks to everything so I don't have it slide off furniture or angled items.  My hands are so dry but it doesn't slip out of my hands-I have a good grip with the case.  A hard shell case would not have worked with me.  I would have been dropping the phone all the time.  I did drop it once before I got the Otterbox and was glad when the case arrived.  I love the color and it is easy to find in my purse.  It has all the holes in the right places.  There is the plastic over the home button that is not really necessary but the button works so I will live with the plastic.
 I have been using it for a week and it’s already stained in the edges, it’s like a sponge for dirt. I don’t know if it’s because of the lighter aqua color, also the holes for the speakers in the bottom don’t quite align and I am thinking I might have to cut the little door/flap where the charger conects because the rubber is so stiff I am afraid is pushing the cable and ruining the contact port. Other than all of that it looks like it will protect the phone, only reason I am keeping it.
 I have used OtterBox for several years now through many iPhone models.  This is the first time I've ever had a complaint with them.  The silicon covering began peeling at the Apple Logo cutout area immediately.  I may have just received a defective one.  I don't see any warranty information about the product to know what is covered.  Even though the peeling has gotten worse, it hasn't affected it protecting my phone.  My phone gets dropped fairly often as I have children, but visually it's ugly.
 I just got a new Iphone 7 (yes I know its not the latest model but I had my previous Iphone for 4 years.) and I got this case for it. I absolutely LOVE IT!! I have already dropped my phone numerous times and my phone is perfect thanks to this case. It is beautiful! It was super easy to install on my iphone. It is easy to touch and use. I have myself and my 3 kids who think they need to be using my phone all the time. There has been no issues or problems. I did have an Otter Box prior for my previous cell phone and my old cell phone looks brand new!! It is a case I would recommend for anyone especially if you are hard on your phone!
 I have used OtterBox iPhone protection for years, and this is the first one I've ever received that I do not like. While it purports to be for iPhone 7 (which I have), it is too big and the phone slides a bit inside. If it were just that, I imagine I could live with it. There is, however, a much larger problem. The covering over the face of the iPhone's touch area is loose feeling and when I tap on it, it is almost impossible to type some letters on it.<br/><br/>I have read other comments that I missed before regarding issues with the plastic that say to just remove, which I am considering, but honestly, I shouldn't have to remove it for my phone in order to be able to type a text message on it. I communicate more via text than I do via phone due to hearing impairment.<br/><br/>Just be aware before you buy. OtterBox makes a good product and my iPhone 5S and 6 both lived happily in Otterboxes and survived many drops.... if I were doing it again, I would not buy this item.<br/><br/>UPDATED 7/17/17 after using the replacement item for which I had to pay an additional shipping fee to get. It is still most difficult to type on the iPhone. I played with it, tried shims in the back of the case as the problem appears to be a bit of space between the clear face of the OB Case and the face of my screen protector.<br/><br/>Since I like trying to figure out problems, I've been thinking on this, and I wonder if perhaps the screen protector (glass style not thin film style) is what is causing the problem. If so, then the manufacturer of this product should add that to the description - something along the lines of "Not made for use with thick glass screen protectors", perhaps. Just a thought!<br/><br/>So. If you have a thin flimsy style screen protector on it, or no screen protector at all, perhaps it will work for you. As for me, I ripped the thin piece of clear plastic out of the OB and cleaned the sticky residue out of it and put it back on. I am not recommending you do the same, but I can at least type successfully on it once again, and am reasonably satisfied that my phone is protected from everything except the dreaded water test.<br/><br/>My purpose in reviewing this and other items is only to provide my honest opinion based on my experience with the item. Therefore, the opinions expressed herein are my own, based on my personal experience with this product and my perceived utility of the product as well as its value for the cost.  Also, note that I will not downrate a seller because of my personal difficulty using an item unless it is directly related to something they are directly responsible for, such as their instructions, lack thereof, or manufacturing or packaging errors.<br/><br/>If you have any questions regarding my review, please do ask, and if my review is helpful to you, please consider letting me know by using the voting buttons at the end of the review. Have a blessed day!
 My daughter left her phone on top of her car.  She happening to look out the rear view mirror just as the phone went flying off into the road. She pulled over as soon as she could to see one car tire hit the phone and send in tumbling, and the same thing again with a second car.  She was sure her phone was finished. But the phone was completely unharmed and the Otterbox Defender has only a black smudge.  She doesn’t even need to replace the case. It doesn’t get better than this.  For my part, my phone has tumbled three times from my bicycle at 15-20 mph, once getting run over by my narrow 110 psi road bike tire, without a problem.  We are both Otterbox Defender disciples now.
 I HATED this case!!! After 3 days of struggling to type anything because of that stupid film is that’s CONNECTED to the case! I finally just took it off.  What a fricken waste of money.  It causes a lag in pressing any buttons.  I wasn’t able to use my fingerprint access and sometimes I couldn’t even answer the phone. SO annoying!<br/><br/>The rest of the case was very well made and sturdy.  BUT that stupid film/glass type front made this case a big zero for me!  I would NOT order it again and I would NOT recommend it.
 I love otterbox! I love the product because it keeps my phone safe and toddler proof. She spilled milk on it at a restaurant. I didn’t even worry because even though it’s not completely waterproof, it still kept my phone dry. My toddler has accidentally thrown my phone on ceramic tile before and my phone was fine. The company has improved the design, the quality is great and their customer service is out of this world!
 Not sure what happened to Otterbox. I have had defender series cases in the past, but this one seems very odd. The fingerprint cover over the button doesn't work 1/2 the time, and the screen cover is really bad. It makes it very hard to use the phone, scrolling a web page, or typing a text, or just dialing a phone number takes way more effort than it should. Then phone calls are nearly inaudible with the case on the phone. The scariest part about the case is the humidity. I noticed that when outside on a humid summer day, and talking on the phone then going inside, there is conensation getting between the phone and the inside of the case. I do not like it, and I'm returning it. Bad form Otter box, I expected more.
 This case is like a tank; it is definitely bulky, converting the sleek, smooth iPhone into a chunky rubberized block reminiscent of some children's toys.  That said, I've dropped my phone many times, including once from three stories onto concrete.  Phone was fine.  After shattering the screen on my iPhone 6 (without a case), the bulkiness seems a fair compromise.
 I purchased this case on November 23, 2017 (less than 2 months ago) and it’s completely ruined already. The camo print scratched clean off. I haven’t done anything that would cause this and have never had a case this terrible. Complete waste of money
 It’s the best
 I have never had a problem with Otter Box in the past. This case is already falling apart, the rubber at least. The screen protector is gapped so junk gets in between my pine and the case. I’ve only had this product 4 months. All my other otter box cases lasted at least 10 months. I’m so frustrated.  Buying a new case... maybe a different brand.  This case model is not worth your money!
 It does what it's supposed to do. Saves my phone from drops and a 2 yo who has thrown it. But, the rubber surround gets loose and hangs off at the bottom, putting in pockets of dark jeans or other fabric color transfer does happen and if you have a lighter color case than the plum I got, it will look old quickly. Also, pulling apart the hard plastic that snaps around your phone is DIFFICULT, and can result in broken nails or snaps if you use a butter knife. Plastic screen cover could be better. Had to take off and put on many times to get it to not have air pockets or interfere with use. But like I said, my phone is damage free...
 I love OtterBox, especially the defender. I've used them for my iPad, iPhone 6, &amp; iPhone 7. I traded my iPhone 6 in after 2 years, it was protected by an OtterBox defender the entire time I had it &amp; it looked brand new when I took it out of the case to trade in. I dropped it several times during that 2 years, took it to the beach, ran with it. So I had to get a new one to protect my iPhone 7. My only complaint with this particular case is that the edges are getting dingy after only 1 month. I wish there were more color options. I'll stick with darker colors in the future.
 This is the 3rd otter box case I have purchased for my current phone. What triggered me in to buying a new one is that the back plastic was coming up- around the circle on the back and was getting caught on things and also just cosmetically did not look good. The case does do a great job protecting your phone but their warranty and customer service has declined (I've  been buying otter box cases for years) and they no longer completely stand behind their product. If you drop your phone a lot I still would absolutely recommend this product, just know you will be buying more replacements.
 I just got this today, and put it on right away; my old Otterbox, a Commuter case, had cracked a little while ago and was probably not many drops from totally breaking.<br/><br/>This case is a lot bulkier than my Commuter was. But I absolutely love it. It came nicely packaged in the original box. It takes a bit of work to put it on, but once it’s on, it feels 100% secure. I’m hard on my phone and this case will ensure that it’s well protected, I am sure.
 I ordered this case Fri Oct 6th (evening), and I got it already, today, Oct 8th on a Sunday! I am sooooo happy! Been eyeing this case for a couple weeks now since I got my new iphone, BUT this case is NOT cheap. So I had to be sure it was RIGHT before I spend my hard earned money. I can tell you though its worth every penny. Its everything it says in the description. Oh! And my son has had the blue case like this over a year now &amp; the phone and case are in great shape. Now I'm not so nervous about dropping my phone. Thank you for the speedy delivery too!
 I refuse to use my phone without the Otterbox Defender case! Sure, it’s bulky.. but it keeps the phone in mint condition. I love feeling secure that if I drop my phone, it won’t be cracked or damaged.<br/><br/>The screen does get a bit dirty and hard to completely clean after awhile, but nothing beats this level of protection.<br/><br/>I ordered the same exact color case I originally got in February when I bought my phone after reading reviews that the lighter mint/teal cases looked dirty and discolored after awhile. The purple one got a little discolored too, but not in a noticeable way.
 I love the color and feel of this case.  It seems to offer great protection for my phone - it was last time I had the Defender case.  The part that goes around the edges is sturdy and thick - like bumpers!  I'm fairly clumsy and drop my phone a lot so the case gives me piece of mind.<br/><br/>The problem?  I am going to have to try to figure out how to take the plastic part off that protects the shield.  This makes it much harder to use my screen and I already have a glass protector thing on it anyway so it's kind of redundant.
 It does the job. I love the defender series. This color, however, will fade. I had it for 2 weeks, and kept it no where near harsh sunlight nor did it go through any abuse but if you consider setting your phone down on tables, perhaps when you're out and about, at work, restaurants, the gym, this will eventually show signs of dirt. I tried to remove the dirt marks but to no avail did it come off. Stick with black unless you want to have a case that shows dirt.
 I have dropped my phone a few times now with the new cover and has protected my Iphone7 from cracks. It is quite bulky though and my adaptor to my speaker box doesn't fit in the bottom due to the thickness of the case. Sometimes the button doesn't read my thumbprint but all in all a good case.
 This thing is always filling with dust and dirt. Often water gets trapped inside without me realizing. But at least my iPhone 7 and it’s screen are still intact after months of being thrown around by my 1, 2, and 3 year old!
 UPDATE #2: As expected, the camouflage graphic on the back is starting to wear off. In fact, out of curiosity I ran my fingernail across a small area, and it basically comes off like a lottery ticket. I've had it for about a month, and I expect most of the graphic to be worn off in about 3 months. Functionally, the case is otherwise very good.<br/><br/>UPDATE: As mentioned below, I really like the look and feel of this case, and the screen protector on the replacement seems to work fine. The screen protector on cases of others in my family with the same model also seem to work fine. The previous one I received must have been defective. I haven't dropped my phone with this case on it, but I have had the same case (different color) on my work phone for about a year, and have dropped it numerous times onto concrete or asphalt, and there has been no damage to the phone or the case. I also like the fit/seal between the hard inner shell, and the outer rubber sleeve. I don't think it would be waterproof since the speakers are still exposed, but I think it may help reduce the chances of dust getting into the case. Amazon's response to the problem was great. I had a replacement in a day. I hope the graphic on the back holds up.<br/><br/>ORIGINAL REVIEW: I really like the look and feel of this case and want to love it, but the screen protector is a deal-breaker. I purchased 4 Otterbox cases, and I also have one on my work phone. The other cases don't seem to have this issue because the screen protector sits flat against the phone's screen, whereas on this one you actually have to press down on the screen protector to make it contact the phone's screen, before it will work. This results in terribly inaccurate typing. Contacted Otterbox, and they said they would deal with it, but I'd have to pay for shipping. Before I do that I'm going to see how Amazon's customer service handles my problem. If they don't, I'll be sure to update my review.
 Pro - Built, Colors choices, good holder, screen not hinder operation.<br/><br/>Con - The built in screen protector is plastic so it will scratch eventually. It seems a waste to switch to a new box just because of that. Otherwise the box is solidly well built for the price.
 True Otterbox Defender with built in screen protector and membrane cover for fingerprint sensor
 Fits together nicely, easily assembled. Only beef with this product is the "screen touch learning period" necessary for optimal typing.<br/>But once you get used to the feel of it, it's a nicely functional and tough phone case. I especially enjoy the nice balance between 'non-slip' and 'can't get it out of my pocket' texture. In other words, it won't slide off my armrest in the truck (yay! no more digging a phone from between the seats) and it won't turn my trousers inside out when I have to remove it from my pocket. Yes, despite the fact that it has a belt attachment, I keep it in my pocket-I'm not that guy. Who wears a phone on a belt anyway? I guess if you want to advertise that you own a product owned by 75% of the world buy hitching it to your belt, you could be that guy. Have fun with that, but I digress deeply-it's a good little case for your fancy new apple gadget. Get one today.
 I’ve been an Otterbox fan since the earliest iPhone came out. Their warranty went from lifetime to limited, from made in Colorado USA to China, and the durability of both the iPhone and iPad cases dropped considerably. Otterbox did drop the price to compensate for the new cheaper quality. I’m really disappointed in Otterbox. It still an ok product but plan on replacing the case annually at least. The case still provides good protection, but the outer layers separate after about 9-12 months. (See examples)
 The defender series is great and I’ve been using it on iPhone for several years now. It does add to the size of the phone and it’s not the “prettiest”case. But it protects the phone very well indeed and its vaunted drop protection may be all the more necessary for the newer iPhones that are coming out with glass shells.  If it’s on sale I’d recommend buying two if you plan on keeping your phone for 3 or 4 years or longer. That way you can swap in the new one after 2 years when the case has become inevitably dinged up a bit. (At least your phone won’t be dinged up).
 I’ve had an otter box before, and it was just fine.  But this case was awful.  Often when I got water on it, water seeps under the case—for my last case (for iPhone 4) this was no problem as I would just take the case off to dry it and reassemble.  This case, it was IMPOSSIBLE to take it off to clean it.  The very first time I did that, the hard case cracked, even though I was handling it as gently as I could while still trying to get the damn thing off.  A year and a half later, there were cracks everywhere.  Also, the material in the soft case started peeling.  I finally got a new case, and when I was taking my phone out of the back cover, it wouldn’t come out!  It was totally stuck.  I finally wedged it off and my phone had taken some of the case with it, discoloring it.  With the help of alcohol wipes, I luckily got it off.  Giving this product two stars because I did manage to get it off eventually, and my phone remains uncracked.
 This case has saved my iphone 8 dozens of clumsy times I forgot it on my lap when I stood up, or when I dropped it onto the pavement a few times, this case has kept my phone safe for quite a while. Completely worth purchasing, but there are a few things to note.<br/><br/>Within half a year the rubber part of my otterbox would grow much looser, and i'd find it hard to keep on the case itself. Also, the inner shell case becomes weak on a few of the clamps on the sides, and is usually quite difficult to remove if ever there is something under the screen protector. I found when I have the otterbox in my pocket on a humid day, the case sometimes gathers sweat under the screen protector, making the phone almost impossible to use unless you disassemble the case completely. I've had the same thing happen with sand and concrete dust, and it has the same effect. This issue is not entirely common, and it doesn't happen that often, but when it does it is pretty annoying. if it was a little less annoying to try and crack the case open then the issue wouldn't be as severe. Still, it does the job and without it I'd be out hundreds more on phone repairs. Definitely worth the buy!
 I've seen several reviews that have lots of complaints and cocerns.  Like the buttons not working, and not being able to use the touch screen because of the screen protector that comes built in to the case.  I have to tell you that those comments are not correct.  I bought two cases to give them a try, and I have to say that I love them.  All of the buttons work just fine, and the screen works flawlessly through the built in screen protector.  The finger print scanner works flawlessly as well.  My wife dropped her phone yesterday, from 8ft in the air, the phone sustained no damage, and neither did the case.  Just dusted it off and went on.  I would recommend highly that if you are looking for a good case, a case that you can depend on, then THIS ONES FOR YOU!!!
 I purchased this product and it has served me well in just a few weeks!  I ended up losing my phone in the woods one night and the next day, I came back and found it.  It survived a severe thunderstorm and my phone suffered zero percent water damage.  Since switching to this phone case, people are ACTUALLY able to finally understand and hear what I'm saying when we are talking on the phone.  The sound quality is awesome and allows me to hear music I'm playing without it sounding muffled.  I absolutely will purchase this product again in the future.
 This otter box is similar to the one I purchased at AT&amp;T. However, the plastic that covers the screen is flimsy and poorly made. I wouldn't think this case would be waterproof. Also, the plastic that covers the fingerprint button prevents the button from reading correctly. Many times, it cannot read my fingerprint and I have to enter my password to get it to open. If you are going to purchase this product, I would suggest spending extra money on glass to cover the screen.
 Had to get a replacement because the first one had a major scratch on the back of the case. The replacement one i received has some minor flaws, like the cutout for the home button being slightly uneven so it is not perfectly centered around the home button and a few uneven edges on the rubber part of the case. I realize they are small design flaws and a very ocd thing to be displeased with but i have been an otterbox user for many years and it sucks that the case doesn't come perfect as you should expect. I will note that both the original and replacement were in the frustration free packaging and that i have an older case that i bought in the normal packaging and it had none of these flaws. Not sure if it just happened to be stroke of the luck or whatever but i would recommend just buying the normal packaging and not the frustration free. It does do a killer job of protecting your phone though and it's a pretty slick looking case in my opinion. For now I think I might look elsewhere if I want a good protective case, but hopefully down the line otterbox might improve their quality control and I will start purchasing from them again.
 I’ve been buying and using OtterBox products for years. For myself and others.<br/>I have been very satisfied with their quality and craftsmanship. Because of that and I had lost my personal OtterBox (along with my iPhone) out the back of a Bass boat. I was shopping for another.<br/>Because of the satisfaction I had experienced buying through Amazon. I decided to purchase a OtterBox through them instead of buying from my usual OtterBox retailer. (Verizon I think)<br/>Well let me say it was it was not a good decision. I’m not sure and are leaning more towards the OtterBox I received was not made by Otter Box.<br/>The reason I say this is because:<br/>The finish on the one I purchased from here was coming off within a week and now @2 months 90% of it is gone. That’s never happened before via retainer. I’m not sure whom to blame. Only if OtterBox has decreased their quality it would be them. If not. I would have to blame Amazon. My hope is either way Amazon will read this and look into the problem I’ve experienced so it doesn’t happen to anyone else.<br/>Happy Thanksgiving to all.
 The case comes with a screen protector which is nothing but a layer or of thick, clear plastic that makes touch screen almost unusable. Yes it also comes with a film that is supposed to protect finger print button and makes that unusable too. The case itself is sturdy (bulky) and could’ve been great if it didn’t make the touch screen and home button unusable. Returned
 I've never had an issue with an otter box until this one. The case itself has held up fine, protected the phone through many drops. My issue is the plastic screen protector part that's over the home button, it's bubbled, peeling back, and making the phone almost unusable with the case on. Not sure what went wrong with it, but it's the first and only otter box I've ever seen this happen on. I hate to give it 2 stars, but it's really not become unusable. Note: this wasn't an issue caused by heavy use, or picking at the plastic.
 After getting a bit of issues with my overseas courier service, Amazon (I LOVED THE FAST AND RELIABLE CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR REAL), understood the problem and sent me back my case (the other was stolen by the courier service - LEAR EXPRESS/VENEZUELA - DONT USE IT) and I finally got it a few weeks ago... I LOVE THE STUFF... its bulky, you gotta know this BUT first of all, is protecting your smartphone, as it should be and, as I have bigger hands, the bulky case its actually a benefit for me... HEY its not a mega brick, but certainly its not a lousy plastic case/bumper, whatever the other sellers offer (I mean not offend, I just like more durable stuff)<br/><br/>You should buy it, don't think about it, just do it... and the holster thing coming back from the early 2000s, I was a bit not convinced by it at first but, hey, now I need it all the time, its better not to carry the phone in pockets and always stealth under my t shirts<br/><br/>Great job OtterBox (my first Otter product)
 Loved all 3 of my Defenders (iPhone 4, 5s and now 8). Only suggestion; Make them more slender. I had a LifeProof, that began losing it’s rubberized coating after only 3 months. Oops! No longer waterproof! The only advantage it has over OtterBox’s Defender. Anyway. LifeProof is far more slender, but after a year I never had, nor worried about structural trauma or damage. Skinny it up guys. No need for the bulk.
 I've had several iterations of Otterboxes because they just work. This one is no exception. No matter how I try, somehow I end up dropping my phone and usually on something like concrete or tile floor. This Otterbox has saved my phone numerous times.
 I have read some bad reviews about the defender series. I went with the dark blue, so I would not have problems with staining. I love it! I went from a 4S to a 7 and was concerned it would not be enough case to protect the phone, but not at all! It has already been dropped multiple times (I am a klutz and have young grandchildren) and not a bit of trouble. I feel certain a hard plastic case would have cracked already as it did get dropped on concrete. Pick a darker color and I think you will be pleased.
 BESPOKE WAY (BLAZER BLUE/STORMY SEAS BLUE)<br/>I have used this for about a year and six months now. It looks nearly new still. I mostly keep it in my pocket when not at home<br/>or using it of course. And it gets used a lot. There are a few small marks on the screen protector you only see in certain lighting. I chose it because of the reviews and because I was traveling weekly for months and wanted extra protection. The screen protector has worked perfect for me. No problems using the full functions of the phone. If you take it apart carefully and regularly clean it, the fingerprint reader works great. It doesn't completely seal out dust etc., but is easy to take apart and clean. So in my experience this is an excellent phone case.
 I've been a long time Amazon customer and I've never felt compelled to write a review until now..<br/>To say that I was disappointed with this case would be an understatement. Not only did it fail to protect my phone, but I would have been better off with just a random tempered glass protector and a cheap body case.<br/>I bought this case after blowing ~$900 on a brand new iPhone, and trusting Otterbox's reputation for "rugged protection," I put my new phone directly into the Defender in hopes of keeping it pristine. I even used compressed air beforehand to make sure everything was clean inside and out.<br/>However, after removing the case (within less than a month of use), I discovered that the case apparently doesn't seal effectively; it ENCASED the screen in dust which left a visible constellation of permanent scratch divots all over the glass. No matter how well I clean, the screen is pitted and looks permanently dirty.<br/><br/>I do appreciate the drop security immensely, but the screen problem is unforgivable. Super bummed and angered that *this* is my introduction to Otterbox.
 I ordered two cases for the IPhone8. Both arrived as promised but the cases didn’t fit well. There is a large gap between the phone screen and case faceplate making it very difficult to nearly impossible to use any touchscreen functions, thumbprint access or scrolling. I contacted Otterbox and they required you to pay to send it back for any warranty work. Not pleased at all with purchase as manufacturer didn’t deliver with quality product as in previous purchases.
 Not only was another case provided for me when the shipment was delayed, the customer service was amazing!<br/>Pros: Had this case for a month now and it's really nice and sturdy and I haven't had any problems with it. I have removed the plastic screen cover because the touch screen gave some problems but it works perfectly.<br/>Cons: It's extremely difficult to remove the case from the phone for me once it's on, I broke my nail. Also gave it 4 stars because I wish it had more colour options.<br/>I haven't dropped the phone as yet so I can't comment on the durability but I would recommend this case if your phone tends to slip from your hands often.
 My son dropped his phone and broke his last case (a gorilla case that did perform well in protecting the phone) but he was complaining that his phone was too heavy and bulky with that case, so I decided to let him give this one a try.  He really loves it and I think it will do a good job protecting the phone.  I'll update if/when he drops his phone to see how this one does.  Hoping it provides good protection with less bulk and weight.
 Owner of various otter boxes. Great value. I still hate that I have to buy a case for my phone. In the early 2000s phones had no case and were more durable.
 I will never use anything except the OtterBox Defender series. I drop my phone and never have any issues. The phone never leaves this case because it is so well protected. Yes it does make it bulky, so you can’t slide it into your pocket; however, the trade off is worth it to me because I’m rather clumsy. I didn’t like the color choices this time, but that is personal preference. These phones have gotten way too expensive to not use the OtterBox Defender series.
 I love that the case offers double protection. I do feel that repeatedly opening the charging port and volume port could cause the rubber to stretch out over time.
 Took me quite a while to initially open up the hard shell. Sits flush w/ my 7. No issues there. I like that this has more grip than older cases. Somehow, my facial oil from my fingers got into the middle layer. I think it’s slighlty permeable with oils? Just saying wipe/wash your hands after using heavy oils or lotions and you should be ok. I was just glad it wasn’t that I ruined the screen protector with something. Phew! So far so good.
 I have now bought two of these phone cases. Best phone cases I have ever owned. I am extremely rough on phones and so are my kids. I think I have cracked the screen of every phone I have owned. Since buying the iPhone 8, I have not cracked it due to this case. That is also with my 1 and 1/2 year old playing on it some. I had to buy a new one because the plastic part around the screen cracked after being dropped several times. I would rather this than a cracked screen. The screen protector on the first one was a little difficult to press for the screen usage but the new case I just received seems much better. I highly recommend!
 My old otterbox defender case was looking dingy and a couple of plastic bits had broken off it after a year of hard use. It was still very functional and I could've gotten another year out of it, but I decided to get a new case. Otterbox defender cases are designed for function over form, but the arabesque pattern is eye-catching. I'll always use otterbox cases on my phones.  The only downside is that the built in screen protector could be more responsive to touch.
 A lot slimmer than my last otter box defender that I had (iPhone 5), and the design of the case is more resilient to wear. The last Defender I had, the rubber casing started to become less taunt around the plastic shell, but so far I haven't experience that with this one. I am carless with my phone, yet this case has protected it form many drops and inaccurate tosses! Only downside: it does make the home button a little more resilient to pressure so you do have to press harder to activate it than normal.
 This is a fantastic case which protects your phone. It is a little bulky. However, if you really think about it, the bulk it has is nothing compared to the protection it provides. It is not really that bad. Even though it is a little big, it provides the protection for this new phone that I needed. Perfect for little kids as well. The plastic home button protector's retention rate is great and the phone responds like that thing was never there. I bought this with the Amazon Warehouse Deals seller and saved so much money. If I were you, I would buy it used from there on and from Amazon. I got mine in pristine condition for only like 16 dollars.
 My wife has an Defender series so I thought I would get my daughter one because I just had to have her broken screen fixed from dropping it.<br/>I figured they were all the same design, but this is different. My wife's has a rubber edge whereas this has more of a harder plastic feel. Seems like it would not absorb impact as well. It is still an ok case, don't get me wrong. But to add insult to injury, I saw the exact same case at Walmart today for 21.97.  I paid 25.80 + 3.99 for 2 day shipping. Oh well, cant win them all.
 Great product. I drop my phone several times a day and this always prevent any kind of cracks or breaks on my iPhone. Would recommend for anybody who is hard on phones
 A great, solid and very grippy case. I love that is has a spot on the back where I can put my car mounting magnet.  The only thing I dislike about this case is that you have to disassemble the entire thing when a really annoying piece of dirt or dust gets behind the screen protector. I also love that it's a little bit bulky, it feels good in the hand. I have an iphone 6 that went into an otterbox defender straight out of the box and its still going strong after many drops and lots of abuse. I had to get another one.
 I’ve only owned Otterbox Defender cases for every phone I’ve had, and will never own another type of case. As a firefighter, EMT and avid outdoorsman, this thing takes a beating and still performs.
 Bought for boyfriend for Christmas. He was so excited because the previous one he had that was exactly like this was one falling apart. He’d had it for a long time. Unfortunately dirt very easily gets under the screen. Idk how this happens but this is one of the reasons he was so fed up with the previous one. I was hoping for a change in the make of the product as many people have complained about this issue with otter boxes.
 The case looks solid, but unfortunately there is a space gap between the front screen protecting film and the touch screen which makes the touch screen less sensitive. This could be a design or manufacturing issue as many other customers reported the same issue
 Was easy to put phone into case. I've only used it for a few days now, but it seems durable. No problems with sound from the phone. At times, depending on where I press on the screen, and how hard I press, it may have a very slight issue with contact sensitivity through the plastic shield over the screen, but it's not so great that I would rate the quality of the case lower. I think people should realize this could be a very slight issue with any plastic cover over a phone screen.
 I had the teal and gray one previously but it discolored, and when I took off my popsocket it had a large circle that was significantly lighter than the rest of the case. I got this color for my second case because I love how protective these cases are. It has faired pretty well in the past couple months I have had it and it is not discolored yet.
 Larger than I was hoping and the screen cover definitely changes the responsiveness, something to get used to. Somehow I keep getting dust, hair, etc under the screen cover (I do not put it in my pocket or bag often, largely because it does not fit) and it is a bit of a pain to remove the whole thing to clean it out. Wishing I had gone with something else but it has protected my phone from a few nasty falls already.
 Great case that has already saved my new phone from a couple terrible tumbles. My only complaint is the way the clear screen protector hovers a millimeter above the actual screen, reducing accuracy and requiring me to press firmly to make contact with the screen. It also means dust and dirt can work into the case from time in my pocket, requiring me to open it once a week or so and clean that junk out before it drives me crazy. Otherwise, the quality is what you can expect from OtterBox--great stuff.
 My phone was run over while using this case and it's still fully functional. The phone bent a bit and there is one compression "bruise" on the screen, but no shatters, cracks, etc. I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars because I found that the rubber casing on this model worse out faster than prior models. After less than a year, I need to replace it as the rubber stretched a bit and started to fit loosely. Then again, I put my phone through A LOT of trauma, what with being run over, dropped in snow, etc.
 I had my previous Otter box for over four years. I found out that the case for the 6 fits the 7 (not plus) so I was able to save my case and continue using it. It was only until the plastic screen cover became so gross and scratched that I finally caved and decided to buy a new one.<br/>I purchased this one, even though the reviews said that the back (I have the camo) coloring scratches off easily. Well it’s true! I was super hard on my previous case and the images and color stayed on, no scratching or fading even after being in my jean pockets and put through dirt, dust and sweat.<br/>I’ve had this case for about two weeks and have a more comfy job now and it’s already fading and scratching off. Long story short, I went through Otterbox, paid $5.99 for a replacement case through their warranty. Best option! Have two cases!
 Now that Iphones have glass on both sides it's more important than ever to get good quality protection for the phone. I was concerned whether I could use wireless charging with this case. Delighted to discover I could. I make sure my phone never sees the light of day, since I seem to drop my phone a lot. With a home with an unforgiving ceramic tile, I've never cracked my screen with an OtterBox.
 There is no other protection greater than the OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES. I have used this Series for all the iPhones we own. That being said, I am only giving this case 4stars because the outer layer is more-so BIG SUR than BESPOKE WAY. Refer to attached photo. Ordered the one on the left but actual hue is the one on the right. Otherwise, 5stars for the quality and reliability.
 I reviewed the black versions of this (what I bought for myself and my son). I bought this model for my 9 year old daughter and she really likes it. She likes the color - me, I like the protection the Defender provides. The case stands up to every bump and bash my daughter has subjected it to. Solid and hardcore. Be warned, it is bulkier than your average case. We don't mind because we know how secure it keeps the phone.
 I love these cases, they really protect your phone. My husband works in construction and has always had otterboxes, he's dropped phones from 2-3 stories high and the case is dented and scratched, but the phone is still in good working condition, these have saved us so much money in cell phone replacements, it's well worth the money for these cases.
 Extremely good protection. A little hard to get together. I did not like the plastic-like screen covering. It made it really hard to text or use the keypad. The screen wasn’t sensitive enough for me with this case—I felt like I had to push really hard. For my life, I don’t need this much protection so it felt a little too bulky. But if you need good protection go for it!
 This case is useless if you're trying to keep dust and debris from getting into your speakers and charging port, the screen is made of cheap plastic that doesn't stand up to any scratching. I have to constantly remove the case and clean the dust away behind it so I can see and I cannot use my thumb print reader because of buildup behind the screen protector. It's very good at protecting the phone from drops and scratches but I have had the case for a couple weeks and just had to order a new life proof case because this one isn't half as good as the LifeProof case that lasted me a year.
 I feel like everything after the iPhone 5 otter box really stepped there game down.. Back is starting to perl, and I had to return one because it would suck in water through the home button and go in between the screen and the phone. Very annoying. To expensive for something like that to happen. But anytime a corporation starts marketing something or get there hands in it you can always expect quality to suffer
 I have owned different types of otter box cases in the past, so when I bought a new phone, it made sense to buy another one. I was very dissapointed with the poor quality of this particular otter box case. These are the issues I’ve had after less than 1 year of ownership:<br/>- Right away I had issues with the plastic screen cover. Really poor touch sensitivity.<br/>- The outside rubber layer has become loose around all 4 corners and at the charging flap.<br/>- I’ve had to glue together the inside plastic frame because it breaks and cracks. 2 of the 7 latches that clip the plastic case together have completely broken off.<br/>- I have a glass screen protector on my phone and this case does not fit snug to the phone, so the corners of the glass screen protector have broken or chipped.<br/>- The rubber case also collects a lot of dust so it ends up in the plastic case and the phone itself.<br/>Overall, would not recommend this particular phone case. Generally otter box has great products but this one is a dud.
 Bought this case ( for an iPhone 8) after having owned many other defender series otter boxes among other brands and always coming back to the defender. And it is exactly as expected. I did notice that that the screen protector did not sit flush with the screen and made typing annoying more than anything. So, like another reveiwer, I ordered the tempered glass screen protector and started cutting. After I finished cutting the screen protector and adding the tempered glass protector I am extremely satisfied with how it turned out. All the benefits and protection  of a defender, and the screen clarity/feel of a naked iPhone. Best of both worlds.
 Not the easiest product to put on, but my iPhone8 is definitely protected. I’ve already dropped the phone twice and neither it nor the case is the worse for wear.<br/><br/>This is my second OtterBox. I had one for my iPhone5 and the phone looked perfect when I removed the case. After several years of use, the case was somewhat battered and the cover for the plug had come off. It was money well spent and I expect the same value and level of protection from my current OtterBox.
 I got this for my son, but I've been a loyal OtterBox customer for years.  I have to say I love the new slimmer profile on this case.  Seems like the same amazing protection, but just a little thinner, liking that so far!  These cases have protected 2 of my phones from major peril!  Once coming off my car at around 40 mph and the phone didn't have a scrape or scratch or crack.  I'm a fan!
 I love Otterbox Defender cases! I refuse to buy anything else. They hold up really well, and keep my phone safe. I’m a complete clutz. I’ve dropped my phone on concrete multiple times. Face-down, sideways, you name it. My phone still looks brand new.<br/><br/>Rating this 4-stars only because of a design flaw I suppose. I purchased the dark purple case. It’s really pretty, and feels nice. But over these past few months I’ve noticed it’s getting dingey? Like the sharper edges of the case look brown or grayish to me. Kinda wishing there was a way to keep that color or maybe have it last longer? I’m going to try and wash it out...but for now it’s four stars till the color fading can improve.
 Works really well. Dropped my phone and it's fine. If you want a phone case that'll protect your phone from drops, this'll do it.<br/>It's mostly an aesthetic, but thing the rubber case has warped a bit since I've gotten it so that it doesn't perfectly fit the plastic case. I'm also not sure if this is an issue with all phone cases or just this one because this is the first phone case I've purchased, but somehow dust still gets under the screen protector?
 Great impact protection but the very open design around the speakers means a lot of dust and debris can get under the screen protector and needs to be cleaned regularly. The fingerprint function works at first, but the build-up of junk under the flexible protector make it less accurate and functional.
 Nothing beats otter box! I set my phone on the bed of our truck cause I had my hands full. I forgot it and we took off. As we were going down the road I'm like where's my phone? Long story short, it fell off the bed and we ran over it 😳 But my phone was intact no cracked screen nothing looked like new!!! The case was beat up but not the phone!  I even got a new case from otter box cause they're guaranteed for a yr sweet!
 Love the case, but not the built in screen protector.  Within hours of receiving the case, I removed the screen protector and now I absolutely love it.  Only thing to remember for those that remove the screen protector is that you will most likely need to put a spacer between the back of the phone and the back of the case to take up the void caused by missing screen protector.  Otherwise the phone slides around inside the case.
 This fit perfectly on my iPhone 8.<br/><br/>I also noticed a bunch of people complaining about the plastic screen protector that comes with the case not sitting flush on the screen. Seriously? Just remove it. That's what I did. Then I replaced it with a tempered glass screen protector (i got the techmatte ones). Do it this way, and you get the protectiveness of an Otterbox Defender without the annoying default plastic screen protector.<br/><br/>I got the otterbox defender because with my previous iPhone 5s, I was using one of those cheap slim iPhone cases, and then I dropped it and the screen cracked, so I looked for the most protective cases out there in the market (and stumbled upon the Defender) no matter how bulky/heavy it may be (this is a bulky case). I'd rather have a bulky case protecting my phone than have a cracked/broken iPhone.<br/><br/>5/5!
 Purchased mainly for belt clip and warranty. Not as thick and sturdy as the old cases used to be. I would like to use the belt clip but unless belt catches on the lip the clip will slide right off; even if you clip it inside your waistband with belt. I even glued a piece of rough leather inside the clip so it fit more snug but that did not help. Kept box for case protection but don't carry as much because afraid it will slip off and be gone. Almost lost it 3 times.  Added a screen protector but it causes the keypad not recognize or feel your fingertip so there are a lot of typos. Screen protector not recommended but I wanted extra protection and the old case worked fine with that. New one not so much. Have not owned long enough to rate durability.
 This is the third Otter Box case I've bought, and until now they've performed very well. This newest case, for my iPhone 8, is an absolute disappointment.<br/><br/>I do construction, so I used an Otter Box Defender for myiPhone 6 and then the Phone 8 that I got in October. Both cases performed very well. The touch fingerprint ID feature worked without hesitation in both cases, the touch screen worked very well, and both cases did as much as could reasonably be expected to keep dust and dirt from getting inside and under the screen protector. So, a few weeks ago, I fumbled my phone as I got out of my car along a busy street and it bounced into the road and got run over by a truck .... twice. So, I had to get a replacement phone and case.<br/><br/>This third case fails in all three categories: I generally have to press the home button several times now to wake the phone; the case's screen protector doesn't sit on the phone's screen properly, so I often must press buttons numerous times to get them to work; and so much dust and dirt gets into the case and onto the screen that I have to open it up and clean it every day now.<br/><br/>I had been extremely pleased with previous Otter case's, so I figured maybe I just had a defective case. I also double checked that it was a genuine Otter case, and it is. Anyway, I returned the first case and got a new one, but I'm having the same problems.<br/><br/>Very disappointed.
 The box itself it strong and durable, I have dropped it a few times and have had no issues. My 3 star review is more in line with how much debris gets in the case. I am regularly having to disassemble the case and clean it out from the sand and link that make its way into the screen and home button which becomes less usable as it gets contaminated. I never had this problem on past Otter boxes so it seems to be this one only from my use.
 I love the OtterBox cases. I’ve use these for years on every iPhone I’ve ever owned.  I’ve dropped my phone many times and my kids threw it down the stairs several times and the phone stayed like new.<br/>This specific case is a bit of a pain as the screen protector is a bit higher than the screen of the phone.<br/>I really don’t like the warranty as they charge you for shipping of any parts they need to replace.
 I purchase this brand because of the recommendations and good reviews, Looks fine and it does protect the phone well, but the touch screen does not work properly, nor the home button ,it seems the material is not appropriate, And can’t use the rest of the cover , so ... it was a waste of money.
 There is a gap between the screen protector and my iPhone 8, which dulls the touch response in the center of the screen. After a few weeks, the plastic over the home button got scratched up from my thumbnail, rendering fingerprint reader ineffective. I had to remove that part. But the protectiveness of the case is top notch, so I will always buy the Otterbox Defender, no matter what.
 It is what it is. It seems very protective. The only cons are the bulkiness and the plastic screen protector. What I should have done was kept the case and cut the plastic out the front but i also wanted to look for a case that was less bulky. The commuter for the iphone 8 sucks. There is no raised edges and it has a loose fit. Id rather get this.
 It’s great at keeping the phone safe. Thankful to have it because I have small children who are not always gentle. However forget using your thumb print to access your phone. Never works. Also keeps getting moisture trapped inside somehow even though I keep it away from water. I don’t eat it close to my body when I exercise or anything so I’m not sure what’s causing that. I have to keep taking it apart, which is not that easy, to wipe off the moisture. The protection it offers is great though.
 This case replaced an older Otterbox case that fully enclosed the iPhone. My husband is a welder and needs to keep all orifices free of dust. This case is doing the job and is not too bulky. Wish Otterbox still made the older style case but this is a close second.
 Excellent, heavy duty case. I've used mine for years and bought two more for my kids. They've held up to every drop or accidentally smash my kids have subjected them to. If you want to protect your iphone, these are fantastic. Be warned, tho, they are a bit bulky. I don't mind, but some people mind be put off by the added size. Bigger size means Bigger Protection
 I work as a wildlife biologist and this the case I keep my Iphone 7 in for protection in the field. Great rugged case. My phone feels very secure within the case. I Like the rubberized outer thats keeps the phone from slipping and sliding on surfaces or out of my hands. Its very sturdy, it may add some bulk if you are used to a naked phone, but otherwise I don't find the size a problem. The only problem I have, is that overtime, taking the phone in and out of the case, the rubber loses its form. I would highly suggest being very limited with the amount of time you remove the case to increase the life of the product. I would highly recommend the product, I have owned two of them.
 I have always purchased otter boxes instead of getting the warranty for my iPhone, and I had read that they could survive being submerged in water but I didn't really believe it. Until this weekend. I forgot my phone was in my cargo pocket and jump in the lake. It was underwater for about two minutes. My phone was just fine!!! Wow, seriously, I'll never buy another brand of phone protection. Awesome!
 This is my second Otterbox, and the only reason I replaced my old one is because I bought a new phone.  The Defender series does just what you would expect it to do.  I'm accident prone and have arthritis, so I tend to drop things.  The Otterbox has always protected my phone perfectly, and the gripper-type texture makes it easy to hold on to.  I love having screen protection that I don't have to apply, as it is part of the case itself.  The colour is even nicer in person, not a teal or navy blue, but somewhere in between.
 Outterbox defender is the only case I trust. Everyone in my home has a iPhone and everyone in my home has broken a phone besides me! They all had cheap or off brand cases. I not only got the case for my iPhone but my iPad as well. I have 4 kids and they have dropped my phone, thrown my phone and still my phone is intact. Best case on the market as far as I am  concerned.
 I LOVE this Otterbox! As someone who has broken many iPhones in the past, this case has saved my phone so many times. I even dropped my phone face down on the street when getting out of the car and this case prevented my phone from even getting a scratch. The case (and my phone) are in great shape even after two months of use and the case does it's job perfectly!<br/><br/>However, the only downside to this case is that somehow dirt and lint often gets trapped until the clear screen that protects the phone. While it's an easy fix, it can get quite irritating. Another thing is that the aqua color of this phone case gets dirty easily. After a week of using the case, the outer shell already had dark stains along the edges (presumably from the pockets of my pants). Perhaps getting a black shell would be a better choice next time.
 I have been a huge OtterBox fan for years. This is the first time I purchased one with any kind of graphics on them. Well...it’s a huge fail.  The camouflage graphic on the case has been flaking away ever since day one.  Unless you keep your phone out of “harms way”, I suggest just getting a non-graphic one.
 This is not designed for pocket carry, but if you're looking for a protective case, this is one of the best.  This is my second on, for new phone.  I normally either have it clipped to my belt or on something in the truck, and the clip is strong and secure.  I've dropped phone several times, and cracked the protective screen protector trying to squeeze through a tight spot, but no damage to phone in almost 4.5 years.
 I love this case. Its VERY functional, but also cute. I cannot tell you how many times I have dropped my Iphone and it has never been damaged. i agree with the other reviews. It becomes a bit too much with everything that is included, and it can be quite difficult to take on and off. Once you get past that it is 100% worth it.<br/><br/>The only other issue I have with the case is that I the button can't really recognize my fingerprint due to the plastic piece that goes over the button, so I have to enter my passcode in (not a big deal)<br/><br/>I would recommend this case to anyone who needs protection for their iphone.
 I ordered this case for a new iPhone 8. When it arrived, I put my phone in, and like several other reviews have commented, the built-in screen protector did NOT sit flush against the phone's screen. It's almost like the protector curved up on the sides, leaving a gap of more than 1-2 mm between the protector and the phone at some points. This made it a frustrating ordeal to even use the phone. I immediately called the Otterbox customer service line, and they were happy to send me a full case as a warranty replacement. But I had to pay $5.99 for processing for this, and it took over a week to arrive. The new case works perfectly (just like every other Otterbox case I've had), but it was a frustrating experience and discouraging to have to pay more to replace what was clearly a defective product initially.
 Returned it. Not worth all the hype on this brand. Difficult to assemble. With an outer cover that covers the screen I cannot see how a nice snug fit that doesn’t distort the image view is possible. The screen cover slightly bulges up. Additionally this product can very easily be damaged in shipping and handling causing it to not function as well as it theoretically does in the product images and videos. See pictures attached for more.<br/><br/>Extremely poor packaging design.
 I’ve always loved otterbox. They definitely keep your phone safe. However, I’m a little disappointed. The plastic covering the thumb print reader is super fragile and if your nail gets anywhere near it it’s completely destroyed. This renders your fingerprints virtually useless. I don’t have long nails either. I’m thinking I will have to remove that piece of plastic. I’m super bummed I’ve always kept my iPhones safe in them and never encountered this problem before but I’m thinking I will have to find another phone safety solution.
 The defender OtterBox worked best for me since I dropped my iphone 7 on concrete.  The other protective case I had did not protect the bottom portion since the speakers are different from the iphone 6.  Some of the protective cases neglect to protect the lower part next to the speakers.  So far, so good.  The design is what caught my attention and I've never really liked the color pink, but this one is really awesome! Also, if you already have a screen protector, the clear plastic part is easily removed.
 I knew that when it was time to upgrade my iPhone, I wanted to get another OtterBox Defender. I was pleasantly surprised to find not only a great color, but a great price, too! The case arrived in its original packaging and was easy to install on my phone. As I started using it, I noticed the film over the "Home" button was sticky and flimsy - a product issue, not a seller issue. After I ripped that off, my user experience was optimized 100%. I keep getting compliments on the color, which is vibrant without being obnoxious.
 First let me state, I have had an Otterbox Defender on EVERY iPhone I've ever owned (over 6 of them).  And I have dropped a few of them with no damage to the phone.  However, my last iPhone I went through 2 different cases before I got one that the screen protector did not leave a gap and drive me nuts while trying to type.  I just received my new iPhone 8 case and sure enough, a gap.  I returned it to Amazon because that is what Otterbox told me to do and received a replacement.  The replacement has a gap as well.  I have now ripped out the screen protector and put on a different one.  When my wife upgrades, I'm afraid we will be looking for a new case maker.  Otterbox is losing its quality control when 3 of the last 4 cases I have received have a gap created by the screen protector.
 Really protects phone!  I bought this for my daughter who has destroyed multiple phones over the last 10 years, she must drop her phone ten times a day. She has been using this case for 6 months now, phone is in perfect shape! The only thing that could be improved is the clear plastic piece that goes over the screen, it is not a tight fit, leaves a space between screen and covering, but she doesn’t seem to mind.
 My daughter has owned many Iphones and swears by this product.  She helped me order it and put in on my new Iphone 8.  It is a great protector but it doesn't fit correctly.  There is a gap between the plastic cover and the Iphone which traps air and makes it very hard to type or hit any of the buttons.  I have ordered two of these from Amazon and both had the problem and are in the process of being returned.  I called OtterBox and they very nicely sent me one for only the shipping cost.  But it has the same problem.  So I would not recommend this product, at least for the Iphone 8 and not in the blue color.  Maybe the other colors work better - I don't know.
 I went with the defender for its quality and durability. It didn't come in it's original wrapping, was just in a plastic bag. Seems a bit weird. Had the warranty and instruction inserts in the box. Great quality and fit. The touchscreen works smoothly. Can't see how some others peeled on the back as shown in pictures. I don't foresee this happening with mine. Great protection.
 Very nice. I liked that it had a screen cover built in. It had nice plugs to cover the holes. It does make the phone seem big, but we're clumsy, so it's worth it.
 I wish I had read the reviews before ordering. Alas, I got the new iPhone 8 on Saturday and am not willing to risk having it sans case (my phones are prone to accidents). The case itself doesn't seem as good as past versions I've owned. The biggest issue is the plastic screen. There's an annoying gap that makes it difficult for your finger and screen to connect. I'm half tempted to remove the screen. It wouldn't be as protected, but at least it'd be functional again.
 I am very happy with this case. I feel like phone is protected. It is easy to hold and use. The colors of the pink and purple are fun. There are two layers to this case. The purple rubber outer layer comes off easily.<br/>The pink plastic inner layer is harder to get off, but that is partially the point. The screen is protected by the pink plastic case and the fingerprint id works perfectly.
 It's an otterbox.. the outer shell is great for dropping my phone but everyone's reviews about the screen protector part are correct. You have to press down really hard to get the touch screen to work, it makes a noise and irritates me. Also the the part that goes over the home button looks like garbage and hardly works. I've only had it for a week and it's crinkled. I will keep using it to get my money's worth, but I am irritated when I use it. I will not be buying another defender series case for my iPhone 8. I will probably try the commuter series next.
 Super disappointed in this case. I’ve only had the case for 8 months and I have to replace it. The part where you put your finger is coming off and rarely allows my finger print to read. The outer case doesn’t stay on any of the corners any more and it feels floppy already. I have had otterbox for years but I’m going to have to go with another brand if this is awful quality they are allowing their product to be now.
 I purchased this case for my daughter and she loves it.  It has a soft silicone texture so it doesn’t slide out of your hand or from a pocket. It doesn’t pick up lint. The case is durable. The only thing that we couldn’t use is the protective screen cover which comes attached with the case. It was difficult to use. So we removed it out carefully and used a gorilla glass protector for the screen. It worked out well.
 Very good one ..BUT..the screen protector that is attached to the from piece is waste, it makes it hard for the screen to respond, had to touch hard couple of times..pull that thing off and use another screen protector, it works fine.
 Excellent protection. The screen protector that comes glued to the case is junk, but once you remove that, remove the adhesive, and add your own screen protector, it is a 5/5 case.<br/><br/>Edit: after less than a year the first layer of rubber has peeled back with completely average everyday use. Not abuse. This is what I have come to expect from imported consumer goods. Garbage. Do a better job, otter box
 Received this case yesterday and have to say:<br/><br/>(1) after reading reviews I decided to order standard packing. I am very please as it came in official otterbox packaging.<br/>(2) unlike some reviews, this case fits my iPhone 8 perfectly. I’m thinking the ones who have had problems ordered the frustration free packing. Again, I ordered standard packaging.<br/>(3) also unlike some reviews of screen cover being to far from actual phone screen, I have zero problems with my screen cover, and it senses my touch just fine.<br/><br/>So if you’re looking to purchase this case, don’t hesitate, but order standard packing!
 Very disappointed with the mat finish on this case - it picks up every bit of dirt around. It only looked good for the first week I had it.<br/>I won't get the mat finish again - next case will be something glossy. It case does work well for its intended purpose.
 I have owned MANY of these cases prior, but this one is extremely difficult to take off.  I have, however, dropped my phone countless times while in the case, and not surprised, it STILL works.  I am happy for that aspect.  The sound quality is not great, in fact, it's very difficult to hear with this case...in my opinion.
 I have had a Defender case on my iPhone 5 for over 3 years, and the phone looks like new.<br/>I was a little concerned that this case might make the iPhone 8 too large for my hands but was pleased to see the sides are tapered and the new design is more sleek-looking. The case is non-slip, and the built-in screen protector works great. I love it!
 I bought it for my iPhone 7.  I really like it and it has protected my phone from several falls already. It is VERY hard to get the plastic "skeleton" off the phone, though. I'm not sure if it's by design, but it's irritating when i need to take the Otterbox off because some moisture has seeped in between the screen protector and the phone (I live in Central FL).
 I've used the Defender series products before and really liked them.  I am rough with my phone so I need a durable case that will protect it well.  However, this one significantly impacts my ability to use the touch screen.  I went all the way from an iPhone 5 to an iPhone 8, so it's a real disappointment that my upgraded tech is compromised so much by the case.  I'll be looking for a different product.
 This case definitely does its job! The only reason i’m not giving 5 stars is because this case has a built in screen protecter and it’s IMPOSSIBLE to not get little pieces of lint or whatever stuck in it!! It’s like when you’re at the movie theater and you notice a black spot on the screen!! It drives me CRAZY! Maybe some people can deal with this, but I can’t lol. I have had enough and ordered the commuter series similar color one that doesn’t have a built in screen. Oh and also, the material of the case causes color to run on it sometimes. It does usually come off though if you just rub it with your finger.
 This case does it’s job well of protecting your phone. However, the silicon casing did not fit perfectly, it has started to stretch out more now, and I’m worried about if it will continue to work properly. For the price, I would expect a sturdier product. The colors depicted are accurate.
 Love my OtterBox Defender Series case for my iPhone 7. This is my second one. My first was the mint dot color and I changed it out for my winter look. I have dropped my phone multiple times and my OtterBox has held up excellently.  It has the built in screen protector and then the outer case for extra protection.  I may never use another brand as I am extremely satisfied with this product so far.  It is easy to put together and it fits my iPhone 7 perfectly and securely. Highly recommend this iPhone case!
 This will be my 3rd OtterBox.  This is the 3rd iPhone in many, many years and, as the iPhones change shapes and sizes, I need to get a new cover. I have done just about everything possible in the way of drops, scratches etc. but none of my iPhones have ever been damaged.  OtterBox covers are like armor plate!
 I've had 3 Otter Box cases and they never disappoint.  I buy them because I'm a clutz with things, so the extra insurance is worth it.  i had an iphone 5 in a defender case for 5 years until the battery went bad.  Now I have an iphone 7 and the new case is just as good as the old.  Totally recommended.
 If you read other reviews and understand that the screen protector does get dirty and the soft outer layer of the case will get looser as time goes on- the case meets expectations and does the job you need it to do (protect your phone). For anyone who ever drops their phone, an Otterbox is a great case to purchase. It is everything I need and more. It does not mark up or get beat up by the elements like many other cases (I also have an Iphone 6 with the Lifeproof NUUD). It simply is great.
 So I have been using Otterbox for years now and I found this one for cheaper than the actual otterbox site and I think it may be a knockoff. Note that I have this exact one that I bought from the otterbox site about a year ago and I just wanted a new one and this one was cheaper. The inner shell didn’t fit as well, didn’t snap into place liek normal. The plastic covering the home button is on the opposite side and feels like  saran wrap. I have been using this case for about a week now and the home button can’t read my finger print cause of the plastic part over it (never had an issue with the one I know is real) and also the fit of the outer slip is off in certain places.
 Otterbox phone cases are the best at protecting phones! Knowing that iPhones break so easily, we wanted cases that would protect them really well. I've had otterbox for the last two years and I've never had a cracked screen. My husband has one too, and he drops his phone ALL THE TIME. Nothing has cracked or broke so far. I'd highly recommend.!
 Otter Boxes are a God send. They are strong, ease to attach and come in lots of colors. This is my 2nd phone and 2nd Otter Box (couldn't reuse my first one because the phone size was different-even though my Otter Box was still in excellent shape).  The Otter Box has saved my phone on many occasions, as I have dropped it onto concrete and other surfaces multiple times...with no damage to my phone whatsoever.  The built-in screen cover also makes it so you don't need to buy a separate screen protector for your phone.
 The clear film makes fine "touch" functions difficult when trying to make a selection or edit text. It's otherwise like a giant rubbery-like bumper, which is exactly what I wanted. I'm willing to put up with the screen, or just cut it out and buy a "glass" like screen protector for the iphone separately.
 Screen protector on case floats too high above face of phone making it difficult to use touchscreen.  Not as good as prior defender cases from years past such as the iPhone 3s, 4 and 5s defender cases. Quality control has gone down over the years. Exploring other options next time.
 The screen protector is horrible, I can't push any of the buttons on my phone, it takes forever to type things because i can't push the keys. I can't  click on any apps, I miss most of my calls because no matter how many times I swipe the screen to answer the swiping motion doesn't register. I had an otter box defender for my other phone and it was fine so I must have just got a defective screen protector. I had to take the case off.
 Bought is specifically from Amazon instead of third party seller to avoid getting a counterfeit but not sure that worked.<br/># 1 it’s a solid case and seems constructed well. I’ve had it a couple months and no signs of wear or other damage.<br/># 2 phone is loose and shakes around inside. Annoying at a minimum, I wonder how much protection it really has.
 Air gap in between screen cover and phone makes touch response less than accurate. This is very frustrating! This case was purchased as advertised for my new iPhone 8. It is very cute; however, the gap makes texting noisy and frustrating! I have owned several otter boxes and never had this problem. Very disappointing!
 It's very protective. My 9 year old daughter has dropped her iPhone few times but thanks to this case there is no damage to the phone. The only draw back is that it does add quite of volume to the phone so the sleek design of the iPhone is defined compromised.
 I am an active old dude and spend a lot of time in my shop and boating. I need a nuclear cover that was not too thick, bulky and would still fit in my RipOff holster. Price was very reasonable and shipped quickly. Easy to install and take off for cleaning. Very happy.
 Love my Otter Box Defender for my new iphone 7. This is my third Otter Box Defender and not only do they protect very well, but the company does in fact back up their warranty and I had one that cracked replaced free of charge. Great protection for my iphone and I feel better with this case on my phone. I also think they are attractive.
 Fake! After few weeks used, the rubber started to peel. I used real otter before. It wasn't like that. Poor quality and fake! Just like the one from 5 below. Don't waste money!
 Excellent purchase!! Can not recommend enough! Protect your devices and get one of these case. The phone has been dropped several times and never had a scratch as long as you keep this case on it. Of course it’s always a possibility of the device to break but this case gives you a piece of mind.
 I've had the Otterbox Defender before, never had a problem, but the cover on this one seems loose and it makes using the touch screen difficult. I would probably not purchase it again. You can see and feel the screen move it is so loose. The case feels sturdy as always.
 Beware of getting this case wet because the screen won’t be usable.<br/>1. I did a pool training workout and placed the phone propped up on the deck of the pool. Some water splashed up onto the phone and I was unable to use the phone’s timer because water got into the case.<br/>2. I’m a head track coach and I was at a meet yang the phone’s timer. It sprinkled that day while I was using the phone and water got into the case and I had to keep opening the case to dry off he case and phone just to be able to use the phone.<br/><br/>Other than that, the phone has been dropped and the case has held up.
 LOVE all of my precious Defenders. This one however has fallen apart from normal daily use. Front corners are stretched out and Apple logo cut out on back is stretched and peeling.  I'm giving it two stars because it's doing it's intended job but I'm knocking off three stars because it looks terrible from all the stretching and is falling apart.
 I bought this for my iPhone 7 and it fit quite well. However, after a while, the plastic piece that covers the Home button became worn and I had to remove it so that the Home button would work. The case also becomes dirty with use. But that's what happens with light colored cases. The phone fell once, from carpeted stairs to a hardwood floor and my glass screen protector on the phone developed a hairline crack. I hope to have Zagg take care of that.
 When u get a dark ring around the case it won't cone off. No matter what I use. Then this platic substance comes off the back when u scracth it. This what likes noe even after i exchanged it. Honestly i just want my money back.
 Made it to six months and this case is garbage. The rubber will no longer form to the bottom of the case and sides and the back.Water and sand can get in now. It's a shame because it's an otter box.
 I LOVE the colors, and it does a great job protecting my phone. Unfortunately, Incan only give it 3 stars because for some reason it has developed this black ring around it.  No, it isn’t dirt. I clean it all the time. It started after a month of having it.  None of my other previously owned otter box cases have done this. I feel like my case looks dirty all the time.
 I have worn out several of these over the years and they are in my opinion the best case for an iPhone.  The one complaint that I do have about them is that the plastic that covers the home button tends to get a wrinkle in it rather quickly after putting it on the phone and it won’t recognize a fingerprint once that happens. Kind of a frustrating thing for a otherwise great product
 Overall, I like the case. It does protect my phone. One problem I had though was the plastic protector over the main button make it virtually impossible to use my thumbprint verification after merely a month of use. I had to end up using a razor blade to cut the plastic around the button.
 Bought this case for my dad who works in construction. Was working on the roof of a 4 story house and it got knocked off. Phone went all the way to the ground where it hit a 2x4 and bounced off before getting submerged in mud. Dug it up out of the mud and the phone still works perfectly and the case is still intact.
 I don't usually leave reviews (in fact, I'm not sure I ever have), but this case deserves an excellent review! Our family was battling a bad stomach bug, and in the midst of the chaos and mess, I left my phone on the hood of my car while my mother-in-law went to get us some much needed supplies. It totally slipped my mind that I had put it there until I went to look for my phone and remembered. In a panic, I did find my iPhone and it was on the side of a major 4-lane road in our city. Well, not only did the phone survive falling off the car at 40+mph, but there wasn't even a scratch on it! SO SO SO thankful for this OtterBox case! I am a big believer in it!
 This case is perfect for those who drop their phone a lot or those who have children that play on it.  It is very durable and the fit is perfect.  The phone is held inside of a plastic case for protection and around that is a rubber case which makes it easier to hold and gives it more cushion from falls. It has a plastic cover over the screen to prevent the screen from getting scratch or dirty. I will definitely purchase this case again if I ever get a new phone.
 Very Nice protected my iPhone 7 I love the color match the rose gold too:) I end up just take out the build in screen protector out and just use a glass screen protector. Works prefect.
 Otterbox is the best phone case. I just replaced my Otterbox Defender case with this one after having mine for 3 years. I drop my phone on a daily basis (or my toddler throws it) and it doesn't have a single scratch because of the Defender case. The last time my toddler threw the phone, the case finally gave out, but it took 3 years of getting thrown around, so definitely worth the money. I'm sure this case will last just as long as my last one.
 Great protection. Great feel. The only issue I have is that the protective screen makes it hard for the phone to read swipes. Sometimes it wouldn't register my finger swipes. I might actually have to switch back to my old case with a separate screen protector.
 If it wasn't for this cover, I would have destroyed my phone several times over. I've dropped it down cement stairs, dropped it from the roof of my SUV, and dropped it in shallow puddles. I had an Otterbox for my old iPhone 4. After 6 years, the phone looked like new when I sent it in for recycle. At that rate, this one should be good until the iPhone 20 comes out!
 Its an ok case. Its durable around the sides and has a nice grip in your hand. Only problem is the clear plastic screen covor is just that. Plastic. It doesnt protect at all. Dropped phone screen is demolished.....rest of the phone perfect. Oh and the color doesnt look the same as the picture but I kinda expected that.
 Not what they used to be!  Average quality, average service.  Lots of knock-offs out there now that are just as good and warranty also as good, and for a fraction of the cost.  Over  the years I've had 8 or 9 Otter Boxes and alway bragged about them.  But this will be my last one.  I did buy a knock-off recently and it was every bit as good as OB for a lot less money!
 Everything is great but sometimes it is difficult to press the center button. You have to press really hard sometimes on the screens. I now understand what other reviewers meant but I will not remove the protector screen as others have said was to remedy
 Great case. Fits iPhone 7 quite snugly. I've had it for 2 months now and it's very sturdy and the rubber is not peeling like with past OtterBoxes. The screen protector is causing absolutely no issues with my interface with the phone's screen and it's fingerprint recognition. Buttons work very well and it provides great protection for the camera lens. Highly recommended.
 Otter box is great. I have a defender case already and I drop my phone weekly with no issue. Paying a new price and receiving an used/open item without a box is not good. Why did I receive an open item in a plastic bag with a battery symbol on it?...It is a case. Amazon-hopefully someone will be in touch with me about this review.  I am very unsatisfied that I received a used/open item.
 Although it was clear that this case would protect my new iPhone 8 within an inch of its life, I found it difficult to use the touch screen and impossible to use Touch ID with it.  I recommend it for someone who wants maximum protection for their iPhone and is has a history of manhandling iPhones previously.  I do swear by Otterbox, which makes the best cases in my opinion.  I returned the Defender, and got an Otterbox clear Symmetry case instead which works very well for me.
 Got the IPhone 8 because it is supposed to be tougher.  It is difficult for any phone to survive the saw dust and being dropped on various sufaces, including cement, but this case has protected the phone for over 6 months.
 Exactly as shown
 The front plastic cover is a poor fit, I was going to return it immediately after putting it on my phone but it only barley lifted off the screen and didn’t cause a problem, but after just over a month of use the protective cover has lifted up so high that my iPhone doesn’t recognize my touch, rendering the case useless, and it’s no longer eligible for return.
 Works great with a wireless charger for my iPhone 8.  I bought the Seneo wireless charger with dual coils from Amazon and the OtterBox Defender allows charging both vertically and horizontally while watching programming on my phone.  The OtterBox fits perfectly for both my iPhone 8 and my previous iPhone 7.  It's also thin enough to carry my phone around in my pocket.
 I have dropped my phone at least a dozen times since I got this case. I mean hard drops and toddlers throwing it in the grocery store. I have had no problems at all.  I took the screen protector off because I just can’t stand them, but the phone is just as safe without it. Mine came with a belt clip also.
 Been buying these cases for years. The quality is great and the built in screen protector is a nice feature. The few down sides:<br/>1) the speaker/ camera cut out in the front allows dust to get underneath the screen protector.<br/>2) over time the outer layer softens up and easily comes off.<br/><br/>Other than that it works well
 If I didn't put my name on it I would return it.  I love it, but the screen isn't tight enough so many keys have to be tapped harder and more than once.  I have an iphone 8
 I bought this case because I know the Otterbox Defender comes with a built in screen protector because I have one. This one is junk and does NOT have the correct case including the screen protector in the box. inside the box with the screen protector. I just opene the box to install it today on what is now my wife's iphone 7. I got a new one. disappointing...
 Dropped the phone in water, but grabbed it out fast! Took the case apart... and the phone was DRY! It works! My only complaint is that the case seems to keep water out, but how does dust get under the screen protector? Have to clean often
 Our family can be a little rough on phones, so every phone we get, gets an Otterbox Defender.  Great overall protection without sacrificing functionality.  Yes, it makes these $800-1000 phones more bulky, but we don’t get cracked screens like a lot of families we know.
 These give the best protection for your phone !! Husband loves it, since  he's a contractor &amp; constantly dropping it !!
 I love otter boxes but this one seems to have been made different than the other styles as the built in screen protector doesn’t fit tightly enough and makes it hard to touch anything. The film is raised above the screen so it gets real annoying
 Awesome case as I expected. I tried other, less bulky cases but none have the rubber power of the OtterBox. Cheaper cases are as slick as prison soap. I need a phone that won''t slip and slide around once I set it down. This one is it. Have had other OtterBoxes in the past so I knew I would be satisfied. The only downside (besides the price)  is the bulkiness, but I will gladly take that for the sure grip this one provides.
 I’ve had otter box defender series cases for 8 years on my phones. This particular case isn’t the quality I’ve been used to. The inside shell allows dirt, hair, &amp; dust to get inside the screen. It’s not as tight fitting as all the others have been so maybe this one is a dud. I’ve only had this case for a month and have had to take it apart 4 times to clean out the debris from inside the case. Like I said earlier, I’ve always used otter box cases but not happy with the quality of this particular one. It usually takes months to a year before they start loosing up to allow debris but this one only took a few days.
 It is the same quality as always from Otterbox.  I wished they had this style with cuter colors/designs.  I eventually had to use the lifetime warranty because like previous ones I've owned, it begins to warp and if you stick it in your jeans, the color rubs off onto the case (can you work on that Otterbox).
 I've had OtterBox Defenders with all of my iPhones.  With the iPhone 5s, the case was awesome and the silicone did not warp.  Unfortunately, this case has the same issue that I had with iPhone 4, the silicone has warped and stretched out within 2 months of use.  Mainly, the bottom portion has stretched from being plugged into the charger.  I wish the silicone was more resistant to this.  What a waste of money.
 THe product, with which i am very familiar, typically consists of 4 components.  This one had only 3 components and was absolutely impossible to assemble correctly.  It could not perform properly , would not fit theholster.  Do not order this otterbox at half the market price
 I love the otter box defender series. I at first looked on the otter box website and this case in the colors I wanted was twice as much. I’m glad I found the exact thing I wanted on Amazon for half the price. I have had 3 of these phone cases now for 2 different iPhones that I’ve owned and they are amazing at protecting my phone. I’ve never had problems with the touch screen. My phone has literally been thrown, dropped and slammed down many many times and there has never been a problem with my phone. I do have insurance but with the otter box case on my phone I almost don’t need it-I trust it that much.
 I work on a concrete floor and drop my phone often. As far as keeping my phone safe- it's great, However its a very porous material and is no longer the pretty color that I wanted. It's almost all gray - which is kind of gross. Dirt and grime just get sucked in. I've tried to clean it with bleach and magic erasers, doesn't work. Good price, but you get what you pay for.
 I’ve lost count on how many times my phone has been dropped accidentally or tossed on purpose. My child has autism and tends to use my phone so it goes through a lot. I also have a tempered glass screen on it. The case and screen are still in great condition after months of use.
 works great, but after having it on the phone for 6 months the rubber on the back started peeling off. I got 2 of these (1 for work and 1 for personal use) and they both did the same thing. Although they still protect the phone if it gets dropped, its not very appealing to have the back peeling off of it.
 My third Otterbox Defender case (2 for an old iPhone 5s, and one for an iPhone 8), and these never disappoint. They are a but chunky, but with the high cost of phones, why risk cracking a new phone with a sub-par case? This case actually didn't make my new phone look as big as I expected once installed. Works on a wireless charger without removing, another plus.
 This case - costing a fraction of my iPhone - saved me from replacing it several times. I’ve dropped it down several flights of stairs; I’ve had beverages spilled on it. Even when my son dropped it into a lake, I just took off the cover, wiped it dry, and put the cover back on. It never shut off, I never had to do the “stick it in rice to absorb the water” thing, and I haven’t seen that it affects phone performance at all.
 Have always used these on all of my phones.  Since they're not really waterproof anyhow, I find that removing the plexiglass cover and simply putting a tempered glass screen protector directly on my phone avoids the annoying scratches that tend to build-up.
 I love this case.  As usual OtterBox has  high-quality products.  This case does not come with a screen protector and  snaps onto the back of your phone.  It is two pieces,  and they wrap around to protect the front edges of your phone.  I like that it is a pretty slim design it doesn't make the phone too big and bulky .
 Almost a nuke-proof case. A bit bulky when fully assembled, but protects the phone from every possible impact or humidity.
 I’ve driven my car off with phone on the top of the roof. The phone flew off, got hit by cars, then  came back to me with one piece. I would not complain.
 I like this Otterbox however I did not like the plastic attached screen protector. It made using the screen a bit challenging so I removed it and put on a normal screen protector, much better! But still have a tough cover as I'm hard on phones.  So far dropped my phone once and no issue :)
 I always buy my husband the Otterbox Defender cases.  He gets his phones so dirty and there is no way they would last several years... even a year, without these cases.  I like to replace them every 6 months but in reality, usually go a year or so.
 Overall I like the case. It seems pretty durable and I like the turquoise color. Also, bought it at a good price.
 I love the OtterBox Defender Series.  I would break my phone every week if I didn't have one of these cases.  It has helped my phone survive many hard falls on the floor and numerous splashes.  It is not waterproof, but it keeps it dryer than a regular case would. The color in the picture is accurate.
 Cute case BUT I have not even had the case for one month and it is very discolored. The case now looks constantly dirty no matter what I attempt to clean it with. I am currently waiting to hear back from Otterbox to see what options they can offer me. I think this case is so cute and love otterbox protection but I am embarrassed with how my case looks.!
 Simple and easy. This is the only case I use at the moment. Don't gotta worry knowing my phone won't ever break. They need to sell some better colors though. Doesn't look dirty yet as others may say and I had this case for almost a month now. Good and extremely protective. Don't worry about your screen or nothing. Here's a selfie to show off my case. I got the pink/purple color.
 This case is bad ass.  It's a little bulky - as it should be - so I've only been using it when visiting theme parks, camping, traveling, etc.  But it is definitely the best iPhone case I've ever had as far as protection.  PERFECT for clumsy kids with their first smartphones.
 For protecting your phone this is a good case (there are plenty of good cases out there).  I am not a fan of the screen cover (I like direct touch on the screen) but know that is part of the design to keep it element proof.  My biggest complaint is, part of the reason I bought this was the style of the camo pattern on the back.  I can buy any number of good cases but this was one of the things that lead me to buy this one.  After a couple months of typical use (in and out of my pocket) the pattern print is half worn off, so am left with white patches and lines all through the camo and it looks terrible.
 I WOULD NEVER BUY ANYTHING ELSE! I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY HUSBAND AND ITS A GREAT COLOR!
 This works great for my husband, who manages to drop his phone at least once a day.  We did, however, cut out the screen cover as it made it difficult to swipe.  We did put a protective glass over the screen and that takes care of our concerns.  Good product.
 This definitely protects my phone. I have a 2 year old who throws my phone all of the time. It is perfectly together still. Also the put my phone in the sink and ran water on top of it. I took it out of the case and made sure it was dry. The case definitely protected it even though it isn’t a water proof phone case.
 This product truly does what it purports to do. On may 8, my wife dropped her iphone 8 in the driveway and i accidentally ran over it. the phone still functions as though nothing ever happened.<br/><br/>included a photo of the treadmark of my civic on the phone. there is also a protective shield on the screen, so that could’ve helped too but the case definitely provided a structure for the tire to roll over.<br/><br/>my only gripe with it is that it’s so bulky that it’s difficult to get your finger on the home button for finger print scan. my thumb almost never gets a successful scan.
 I bought this through Wholesale Gadget Parts Inc. This product failed after less than six months -- it  allowed moisture inside . The seller refused to refund my money or replace the item. Very disappointed with this seller and would never buy from them again and WOULD not recommend them. Otterbox is supposed to be virtually indestructible. I do not abuse my phone and for this case to fail in less than six months is ridiculous. And for the seller to REFUSE to offer a refund or replacement is just as ridiculous.
 Protected my phone, but within 3-months, the back started peeling....like seriously bubbling and peeling.  Had two friends encounter the same issue with the black cases.  We all switched out to other colors, and experienced no issues.  Maybe a bad batch?
 I'm writing a review one year later with the intention of writing about how it has held up. It's done well, but unfortunately, the outside rubber part has slowly but surely loosened up over the past year. I don't remove it often, so it's definitely not me just stretching it out or anything. I was hoping I wouldn't need a new case a year later. I really like this one and am tempted to buy it again, but not when I know it'll just get loose again in less than a year. It doesn't fit snugly on the phone any longer.
 I bought this after using an Otterbox Commuter for a number of years. I regret purchasing the Defender style, as it is too bulky for my liking and the screen cover really reduces touch sensitivity and fingerprint recognition capabilities. I was attracted to the teal and blue color combination, but found that this case was dirty within days. I have tried numerous cleaning methods (soap &amp; water, magic eraser, rubbing alcohol, even nail polish remover), all without success. This week, I notice a small crack in the hard plastic part of the case. I have never dropped my phone and I’m incredibly careful with it. Disappointed to say the least, but this has protected my phone.
 I had to send it back because it was impossible for me to open it. I tried for 4 days and it would not budge.  This is the second Otter  I ordered from Amazon and the first one was fine.  I could've asked for help but I thought if I can't open it myself it's not going to do me any good so I returned it . The colors were great, just what I wanted so that's why I gave it two stars!
 This is incredibly BEAUTIFUL, very STRONG and I absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it!!  I have a $700+ phone, it justifies spending the money to protect my phone.  I recommend this case with all my heart!!  As a fan of anything purple, this is the perfect case!!
 I bought this case because I drop my phone a lot outside.  When I got the case I wondered if it was "overkill" because it looked a bit clunky and large.  However, the first day I used it I dropped my phone on its face and the screen was completely protected.  I think this case is a winner for me.
 Quality case but the plastic screen cover is very unresponsive to touch. Typing at my normal pace, the screen only recorded about half of the input. I’m not sure if it’s the screen protector material or the fact that there’s a gap between the screen protector and the screen. Because of this I would not recommend this product. Luckily, I bought it from Amazon, and am returning it for a refund.
 Very nice case. I had an Otterbox on my last Iphone 4 and saved the day several times.  Actually I find the phones way to slippery to use without a protection wrap which also provides a much better grip.  Personally I'd prefer that they make the phones a little larger and include the protection devices right on them.
 I work with cars and I get on ladders a lot. My iPhone 8 red has fallen from the top of a ladder easily 20 times. My phone is still perfect. How ever after placing a magnet under the first liner for my car mount the rubber started peeling
 Dropped my phone a few times now with no problems.  Not sure how little fibers sometimes get inside and on my phone screen.  I have to open and clean occasionally.  The home button sometimes takes a couple of firm presses to activate.
 For some reason these cases let in dirt and whatever underneath it. The older cases did wat better in protecting my phones. So next time I will be searching for something new since these have gone down in quality.
 Bought this in December 2016 for both me and my Husband for the IPhone 7. He got it in black one and I got the purple/pink one. We have had no issues with the black one but mine no longer fits properly. The top silicone case is not snug and looks warped to the point that you can see gaps at the top corners and along the entire bottom. So I get a lot of dirt going in the case and have to clean it often. I have the commuter series on my work phone with no issues... but either way I'm looking at other cases to replace this one
 This is the second time I have purchased an OtterBox defender series case . I purchased one for my iPhone 6 + years ago and it stood up very well but then towards the end it started to literally fall apart which is nothing unusual. It served its purpose and it protected my iPhone 6 Plus extremely well.
 Arrived quickly, Item just as described... This is our fourth OtterBox... It offers great protection and my husband and nephew are partial to the Camo Style.  The price was perfect.... So happy I found this phone case!
 Not worth buying unless you want a white. The color start coming off right away. I returned the first one and got a second one same thing. Too much for something that you ordered that does stay on cover. This was a camouflage cover?!? Not sure why they make to rub off?
 I have owned several OtterBox cases and there is no other case I would trust to protect my phone.  In all the years I have used them, I have never had a damaged phone, so they obviously perform as advertised.  I would never consider any other case.
 This is my 4th or 5th Otter Box case. These are the best cases around. I wouldn't buy any other case. 100% happy.<br/>Full phone drop protection. Phone will not break. Screen will not crack. A MUST HAVE.
 I’ve ventured to other phone cases that are cheaper, but I’ve ultimately spent hundreds of dollars more than I should have by taking that route. I highly recommend this case. I’ve dropped my phone multiple times and was sure that I’d shattered the screen, but it has done a fantastic job of preventing just that. I will use Otterbox cases from here on out.
 Arrived perfectly and couldn’t be more happy! Absolutely love the color combo
 Out of the box the screen already has giant scratches on it. It’s not easy to take a picture of them but they are super noticeable in person. Not happy. Brand new phone and new case and I’m starting with a scratched screen protector.
 I’m telling you right now don’t buy this case! People are not playing when they show that the rubber part of the case is peeling! Yes, this case has saved my phone from so many drops, but the rubber part is coming off! I know an otter box case is expensive, but it protects your phone so well, and it doesn’t peel. I would just stick to buying a REAL otter box case.
 I haven’t had this case a month yet &amp; there are already several problems. The outer shell absorbs whatever it touches - ink, dirt, makeup, etc. (and it doesn’t come off no matter what cleaner I’ve tried) which renders the case quite ugly fairly quickly. The plastic screen cover is puffy and therefore forces you to push down pretty hard to type anything. I’ve also noticed that debris gets in between the plastic screen cover &amp; the phone screen pretty frequently so I have to take the case apart every few days and clean it out. I bought this version because it seemed to be the most secure option Otterbox carries for the iPhone 8 but the design does have several flaws.
 Otterbox is definitely the best phone protector we’ve purchased. My husband needs it for his job since he works in a very rugged workplace.
 I have always used these cases for my phone, this version maintains a thinner profile than the one for my 5s. I had to modify it because the plastic protector gets dirt in it from my job so the screen gets crunchy, the plastic protector also messes with the sensitivity a little bit.  I use a tempered protector for the front of the phone, so I used a razor to remove the plastic film, and now it works perfect.
 I have had the otter box defender for my phones since the iPhone 4s. Love the purple shades of this one- very subtle. Fits snug, so I am not having the screen protector issues others have spoken of. Phone feels naked without it!! I would recommend that if you get it and it does not fit perfectly, send back for a replacement or you will just be frustrated.
 My favorite phone case.  However I wish it could be ordered without the attached screen protector.  I normally pull that out and put on a third party screen protector.  It looks better and is easier to use.
 works great, my last otter box protected my iphone 5c for 2 years and i work in construction. This one i tore out the plastic screen protector and used a tempered glass screen protector instead. now i caint even tell there's a screen protector if feels natural. "Love It"<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/iPhone-7-Screen-Protector-Yootech-2-Pack-iPhone-7-Tempered-Glass-Screen-Protector-for-Apple-iphone-7-iphone-6-6s/dp/B01KM6PEWK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iPhone 7 Screen Protector, Yootech  2-Pack] iPhone 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iphone 7,iphone 6/6s</a>
 If i’m going to stuff it in a heavy bulky case!<br/><br/>Also,<br/>- Silent button on the side is not easy to get to.<br/>- Have to type harder because of plastic cover. My fingers started to hurt after a while.<br/><br/>This case will provide super duper protection and design on back is nice, but it doesn’t work for me.
 Traps water INTO the phone, fingerprint button wore off and my screen broke during a low fall. All in within 6mo of purchase. I used to love this company. I am moving on.
 I am so disappointed with this case. I have had it for one day and it looks yeas old. On the edges on the back, they have turned a grayish ugly color. It was late coming also. Now I am not sure what to do as I am hard on my electronics and am afraid I will break my phone while I wait for another one.
 For the past several years, I bought the Otter Box Defender Series for all my iPhones. I just love my Otter Boxes. I know my phone is protected and they will work after I've dropped it. Couldn't ask for protection for my phone.<br/>All my family and friends use the Otter Box.
 Three different phones and three of these cases and I’m never let down. Every time I upgrade I have to have this case. My kids (currently 1.5 and 4.5 years old) have dropped and thrown my phones many times with these cases on and no damage at all. Does make the phone a little bulky, but definitely worth it to keep your phone!
 I love the fact that my phone is totally protected (I drop it all. the. time.) and has this snazzy design.  It's bright enough for me to find in my bag, and unique enough that mine isn't confused with any others.  I always recommend OtterBox!
 Not as good as my previous otter boxes. It still protects my phone but I notice that water gets trapped in the phone case if I take it out for a minute in the rain, where as with the case for the iphone 5 I didn't run into that issue.The case is still durable and after having dropped my phone several times there is not a scratch or a crack on it.
 Bought this as an Elf on the Shelf gift for our daughter, she has been wanting one for a long time.  It fits well, and seems very durable.  The clip "addon" make the phone quite bulky, but could be useful for others.
 The only case I will get my husband! He has really put it through the ringer. The only thing we have found to ruin it was being run over by an excavator! Oops.
 I love this phone case! I’ve dropped my phone so many times and it hasn’t broken yet *knock on wood*. I do not like how it’s a struggle to get my charger out of my phone bc of the cover to protect my charging port. And after many charges the bottom of the case (dark purple part) is “bendy” and isn’t “flush” with the light purple plastic.
 The case is strong and fits nicely on the phone, however it came with an attached screen protector which I had to cut off because it wouldn’t lay flat on the screen which made it difficult to dial or type on the phone. I had to press hard or more than once on the icons, or when dialing for it to work.
 The Product protected the phone but appeared to be defective. It doesn't lay flat against the phone screen causing you to have to press on the plastic cover to his the touch screen. The plastic portion seemed to be on backwards. It protected the phone but was annoying to use. I ended up purchasing a  BodyGuardz case and screen protector for my son.  For what I paid it did the job but we do not use the case anymore.
 It's about time Otterbox came up with cases that are better looking. C'mon guys, black and grey aren't very stylish. I've had Otterboxes before and this one is working great.  I love the new colors!!
 I bought this case after having the same one in navy blue for over 3 years. I could not be more disappointed with the appearance of this case after only a few months of light use. It looks filthy no matter how often I clean it. It protects my phone, but the appearance is embarrassing. This color should not even be sold since the material doesn’t resist anything rubbing onto it.
 The Case works great but Otterbox thinks this case is fake therefore simply denies me of the replacement. I contacted Amazon directly and they were helpful enough in assisting with replacement process.
 I have had this case for 4 months.  It does protect your iphone when you drop it, but I have had problems with the home button (you have to push it really hard for it to work).  I've also had problems with the case being too thick to allow good sound quality when talking on the phone or listening.  I would not buy this case again.  I've always used otterboxes, but this case is VERY DISAPPOINTING.
 I swear to you, I dropped the phone in a rain storm!  It landed in a puddle of mud.  If it hadn't been for my new case, I'd have been shelling out a lot of money for repairs or a new phone.  It's a great case.
 Otterbox is the best for protecting our phones!  Wouldn't have an iPhone if it weren't for OtterBox!  I make sure all three of our girls use one too!  No broken phones with the OtterBox!  I will continue buy one for every iPhone we purchase.  Great product!
 Sometimes you buy an otterbox defender and it’s “rubber” doesn’t fit properly onto the plastic casing. Not a problem with this seller. Best case I’ve ever used. Pro tip: rip off plastic touch screen and fingerprint sensor cover; use adhesive remover to remove left over glue on plastic casing
 Protects your phone but the plastic bubbles up so is very loins and annoying to text. Also the thinner plastic over the button bubbled really bad in 2 days that it wouldn’t longer read my finger print so it made that unlock feature useless until I just ripped it off and now works well! I would not chose to go with this case again. It’s better then lifeproof but not by much.
 Garbage. Do not buy. The coating on the case started peeling off. Of course my daughter didn't tell me this started occurring three weeks after she put it on her phone. Now it's past the 30 day return period.  I bought the Otter Box because of the great reputation but after receiving this one I'm wondering if it's a knockoff.
 Excellent protection with the Defender, the only problem is that the belt clip breaks fairly easily. I called Otterbox and the handled the warranty incredibly well. I called about my case, and they wanted to make sure every otterbox case that I had problems with was replaced. I wound up getting two other cases replaced that I didn’t even call about in the first place, my work phone and my son’s phone also had broken clips and peeling rubber. Three new cases on the way with no fuss. Good job Otterbox.
 This is an updated review, as I purchased it a while back.<br/><br/>It is still doing its job fantastically. My iPhone looks brand new when I take it out to clean the interior of the case periodically. I've dropped it several times with zero ill effects.
 I am hard on cell phones. This case has saved me from ever breaking or even cracking an iPhone but dropping it. I have dropped them on concrete, steel plate and a couple of times from about 10 feet up. All good. Very inexpensive investment when you consider the price of your phone.
 Really liked the way this case fit and felt in your hand.  But it's not dust proof.  After using this case for several weeks my phone has scratches on it from the dust that entered through the case.  This was the primary reason I chose this case, so would've have been 5 stars if it would have kept the dust out.<br/><br/>If you don't work outside and just need screen and drop protection then this will work great.Ordering a life proof  hopefully it works better, but unfortunately the damage is already done
 After placing my phone in the case (which was somewhat difficult, I had to use a flathead screwdriver to pry open parts of it), I was really disappointed to see that there was a large gap between the screen and screen protector. That made it nearly impossible to text as I had to press really hard on the screen to make anything happen. Pretty disappointed with this case.
 Bought this for my iPhone 7 and it does as advertised.  The grip &amp; protection of the phone is very good but this is a bulky case.<br/><br/>The belt attachment is OK but does hinder certain body movements when you are doing physical work; you can adjust the holder's position but I find this a chore as I am constantly adjusting the holder.  I tried not using the plastic holder &amp; just placing the phone in my pocket however I did not find this to be comfortable.  I then attempted to find a fabric belt holster hoping to eliminate the plastic holder.  Unfortunately I have not found one that will accommodate the bulk of the case.  I gave up and now leave the phone in my truck when doing physical labor.<br/><br/>My only other comment is the rubber cover over the charging port.  This cover hinges up making it difficult to insert the charging wire.  I would prefer this hinge down.<br/><br/>If you are looking for the best protection and can live with the bulk then this is the case for you.  Otherwise, I would explore their Symmetry series or another brand.
 I love it! It’s amazing because I got this for a very reasonable price off of amazon, but when you go into the cell phone stores that jack up the price and make you feel like you are purchasing a non- degradable protection device. In addition my I remind you, you have to purchase everything separately. So the box doesn’t come with the protection screen, nor does it come with a clip. This product offered everything!
 Perfect protection for my 7plus iPhone. Dropped it numerous times during outdoor training and my phone is still in perfect condition. It even went into a puddle and I didn't have any water sneak through.
 Excellent.  Beat ive had for protection.  Button and screen were fine- gap not too wide.  Highly rec for ppl who are rough w ur phone. Wish they had bright orange- so easier to not lose..
 Very good case.  Another great Otter Box.....Can't go wrong.
 For iPhone 8: the fingerprint ID would not work with the silicon(?) film  covering the home button. Also had to press super hard to turn off the power button.  I even felt the built in screen protector was not very responsive to touch. Not impressed at all. But it felt sturdy like it would protect well.
 I have had other otterbox cases &amp; I thought they were the best quality &amp; protection. Either this is counterfeit brand or their quality has gone down. People say it sounds like I'm in a tunnel &amp; I have a brand new phone with the volume turned up to the highest. Very annoying. Don't waste your money bc you will have to buy another case!
 This is my second otter box and i am very pleased how they work to protect my i phone. My first one was for an i-6. Having just recently up graded to the i-8 I purchased a new otter box to fit that. Had the i-6 for over 4 years.
 I love it! So cute and portable! I already dropped it 3 times (not on purpose) and I have no scratches or cracks on my phone or the case. I will say it traps dirt on the screen so you have to take it off every so often and clean it or you have those annoying specks. It is really hard to get undone. It super easy to assemble. Overall I love the case.
 The fit is very tight. This makes it secure; however requires patience to place it on the phone.
 I am going to return this case. My IPhone is very well protected, but the screen and buttons do not respond to my inputs. I had to press down very hard on the home button to get my phone to respond.
 The only thing I don't like about these cases is the screen protector.  I rip them out with the help of a hair dryer to soften the glue and just slap a glass screen protector on the phone before installing it into the case.  Works great!
 I originally bought the teal one and had to return it as it was discoloring at an alarming rate and the touch id would not work on it.  I exchanged it fro this product and was so much happier.  The color is great and hides dirt, and touch id and screen works like a champ.
 I have had many other OtterBox Defender cases and this one is just as good if not better.  The fit is snug and the profile is sleek and slim.  The phone has been dropped on the concret floor of the garage and no damage.  This case is better than having the insurance policy from your mobile company!
 I had no problems with this case. It fits perfectly, works perfectly, and looks great! It feels sturdy and I have no issues with typing. In fact I am writing this review on my phone with the case on now. Otterbox did not disappoint.
 Great price for a quality brand... Every iPhone I have ever owned has been put into an Otterbox shortly after purchase. This is the only brand I trust. Does is make the phone a bit bulky compared to its actual slim/fragile size, yes... but knowing you can chuck the thing across the room and know your $500+ phone is perfectly fine is an investment I'll make every time.
 It’s certainly not dust proof. My phone isn’t broken and it works and all that but some how it always seems to have some dust under the screen. I’m always cleaning it. So it’s good but a bit frustrated with the dust.
 I really like the durability of the Otter Box products. I am as careful as I can with my phones but I drop them at times and this case serves its purpose and protects the phone. I had an Otter Box for my iphone 4S and although it was very protective to phone drops, dirt would get inside the case and the case was had to take apart. I also had that case for around 4 years. The case for the iphone 7 snapped on easier than the 4S case. It makes the phone a bit bulkier but I care more about protecting the phone.
 Cute case but got dirty as heck in like 3 days 👎🏽
 I have had many OtterBox Defender cases. These are great quality and a great value! I drop my phone more often than I want to admit and it protects it perfectly! I have an iPhone 7.
 My phone, and my otterbox defender take a beating. Tossed in my bag, dropped once, sometimes multiple times per day, elements like rain or snow and yet the phone inside looks BRAND NEW! Needless to say, I was upset that 10 months into owning my otterbox, the hard plastic frame cracked. I called their customer support and they are replacing the entire case with a $6 shipping fee! The woman was super helpful and said that if this happens again, as long as they are still making the case, they will replace it!! I would recommend this case to anyone!
 Only had it for a couple months... screen protector has super low sensitivity so it's super hard to type on. I'm not able to use the swipe up menu anymore and any function that involves dragging i.e. scrolling maps takes a lot of patience :( it gets a ton of dust under the screen so it's super cloudy and gross looking. I doubt it adds any protection against water damage since so much gunk falls into it so easily
 Good case, the plastic covering the home button came off very easily but everything else stayed very well. The color stays very clear and it is cute, I wish the home button cover would have stuck to the screen better. Sometimes water leaks in through the top by the camera and the bottom by the home button. You suck.
 Really the best case out there!  The Defender series offers excellent protection for you phone.  I had one for my 5s and it performed great!  I've dropped my phone numerous times the case has saved my phone from damage.  Now I have one for my new 8.
 LOVE MY CASE! I will never go back to any others, they provide best protection. Saw some comments saying that the screen protector doesn't touch screen and makes it difficult to use screen.... i haven't had any problems. Out of all the apple phone models I think this case fits most snuggly.
 My husband drops his phone all the time, and we are saved every time because of Otterbox. The one time he felt he didn't need an Otterbox, he dropped his phone and everything cracked. Beyond pleased with the quality.
 This case offers a strong defense against accidental phone drops. That being said, the protective screen substantially inhibits the touchscreen's responsiveness--to the point where I had to stop using it after a couple of months. Needless to say I was disappointed, and no, I would not recommend this product to a friend.
 Practically bulletproof protection; the only thing that it doesn’t protect against is water.  Dropped it in the rain and had to take it apart to dry out all the layers and the phone
 Love this case I’ve had in for over a month and it looks just like it did that day I put it on it’s holding up great and it says pretty clean I would recommend this case
 The inner shell of this case lets in dirt and dust and when you try to take the inner case off? It is nigh onto impossible! Hate the inner case because it does not keep stuff out and is stupid hard to get off to clean out what is not kept out
 Case seems good, but doesn't hold up well to long term abuse.  My 12 year old daughter killed this case in about 3 months of normal wear and tear.  I mean, it still works.  But it's starting to fall apart.  It has done its job while it's still in one piece.
 I was disappointed with how hard it was to type using the touch screen with this case on. I ended up taking it off on days I wasn't working because it was just so annoying to use. There are definitely better cases out there.
 Great case. The only complaints I have are that it is very difficult to take apart in order to put it on the phone and that it is almost impossible to swipe up from the bottom to access the Control Center because of how high the edge of the case goes up.
 Got this case for my mom and she loved it. Exactly what she was looking for. The only thing is that the screen makes a "clicky" nose when you type something, but that's a minor thing. Overall GREAT product. Very Durable.
 Love my case. Replaced an old one the kids beat up. Quick and easy to put on. Colors on point. Love the design.
 Bought for my daughter she is 7 very good deal. It has a plastic cover over the touch screen and the entire phone is enclosed in the case. It comes with a clip that you can remove. So if you want to attach it to your bag or belt it is easy to reach. Very pleased. I bought another one in black
 It does the job of protecting my IPhone 7 from bing damaged due to falling down ( I have dropped it several times), but I was expecting something brighter for being called Purple Nebula (Winsome Orchid )..Rather dull &amp; looks pink-not my favorite color...guess I am stuck with it
 Outstanding protection for iPhone 7.
 I have an iphone 8, and there is enough of a gap between the screen and the protective covering on this case that it makes it difficult to type. I came on here to see if I was the only one, and this was just one defective case, but I see I'm not alone. I will be returning.
 I have never been happier than with Otterbox for all my cell phones, ipads, etc.  They are such great quality and worth every penny.  More and more designs available which is good.
 Okay, I'm clutsy! I drop my phone a lot. This is my third iPhone otterbox and it continues to protect my iPhone from me! My last iPhone made it four years until it had other problems (keeping it's charge, etc) and the first otter box made it most of the time before the charging cover fell off and it just looked dingy from use. This one is shaping up to be just as effective two months in!
 I have been using otter boxes for years from iPhone 4, 5c, 6 and now 7 and have loved every single one of them.  I do not love this case, the front shield feels weird.  It’s sticky sort of, hard to swipe and text .  I’ve had the case less than a week and there is already so many scratches on it and I have really been very careful. I really am questioning if this is even a real otter box case.  I’m very upset with it.
 Love this case. It's super cute and very well made. It's rugged and definitely will protect your phone. Otter box also has an amazing warranty in case it ever gets damaged. I'll always buy Otterbox cases for my phones!
 I work construction and my phone is very well protected with this Otter Box cover. This is the only brand I buy because I know my phone will be protected if dropped. True story: I was on a lift checking some circuits 20’ (20 FEET) high and I accidentally dropped my phone. It bounced off the rail of the lift and fell to the ground. I lowered the lift thinking my phone was gone... but to my surprise NOTHING HAPPENED TO IT. I have had the same phone for over two years.
 Love my otterbox! This is the only case that I will buy to protect my phone! I have an iPhone 8 and this case fits snug and I never have to worry about my phone not being protected. I have been buying Otterbox for several years and will continue to buy their cases because they are simply the best.
 I love the one for my iPhone 5S but since I upgraded to the iPhone 8, this case is not fitting right for some reason.  I'm not sure if it's because I bought the one in frustration free packaging and it's refurbished or something.  It's really hard to text.  I have it on and sealed properly but it's not fitting tight for the screen portion thus making it difficult to text, so I'm not sure if it's worth keeping the case at this point.  It's real frustrating.
 Fast shipping. Color looks great at first. About a week of using it, I noticed that it started turning kinda grayish purple like. Looks aweful now. I had to buy another case for my phone. It was a waste of money. I do not recommend.
 I got this case for my 12 year old son, so I knew it needed to be strong and reliable. I do think it will withstand his use. One feature of the case that I'm not fond of is the charging outlet cover, it has to be flipped up each time and is made of only rubber, I for see the rubber wearing down and eventually tearing before the rest of the case wears down.
 Totally dissatisfied with the product. Yeah, the color is good and the overall look is cool, but it doesnt fit perfectly with my iphone 8. There is a space left between the screen and the protector. Every time I touch the screen I feel the gap in between which disturbs a lot!!<br/><br/>Edit: Thank you Amazon.com for the refund you offered me without much trouble. I want to restate that I had no problem with the process of shopping. It is just the item that has a problem. If you want to buy it for Iphone 8, think again because it does not fit very well.
 Worst case I ever purchased , traps dust and dirt under the clear cover. Home button is rendered useless with this on. Always need to enter the code. Some letters aren’t recognized. If I still has the box I would return
 Really like this case, it protects the phone great, it’s not bulky or awkward to hold and the belt clip comes in handy, especially when working out at the gym. The only reason I can’t give it five stars is that dust sometimes gets under the screen cover so I have to pull it off n dust my phone off. Other than tat I love my defender case.
 Dust easily gets in and difficult to type
 I have had this case over a year now. I am not a typical review kinda guy, but this thing deserves one. I wouldn't say I work in the utmost harsh conditions, however I do drop my phone often, and it gets beat up pretty badly. I've been through several screens on my phones, even with cases. This case has been perfect for me. It isn't too bulky, yet it protects like it's a bomb shelter. Having this case, it is only a minor inconvience to watch my phone cartwheel 6-8' down onto the earth. I know it will be just fine!
 The outer rubber type material has all stretched out, so that it now hangs from bottom of cell by like 1/8 of an inch..not tight fitting at all! I just got off phone with Otter Box company, who did say wear and tear, pulling out of pocket many times each day may affect case. Sending replacement one with just me paying for shipping cost. Great customer service, so will stick with Otter Box in future!
 I’ve dropped my phone twice since getting the Otterbox and both times my phone was totally protected.  It doesn’t slide around while I’m driving. Nice sturdy case and it comes in many different colors!!!
 This phone case has treated my iPhone 7 so well! I actually have a screen protector and this case on it at all times. I can still have great usage of the touchscreen even with multiple layers. I've used it several months now and it's been a great buy. I recommend!
 This is the sturdiest phone case I have ever seen; I can keep my phone in my back pocket and know that it is safe; however, I have not yet dropped my phone but I am sure that will happen sooner or later and I am confident that the case will protect my iPhone 7!
 Case does not seem to be waterproof, I keep getting moisture behind the plastic screen protector. The case is actually causing small scratches along the edges of my new Iphone 8 from it shifting back and fourth inside the case throughout the day . Was really looking forward to this case because of all the good things I have heard from friends but for me it has not been as advertised. I will say Otterbox's customer service is excellent and I am changing my score from 2 star to a 3 star just because they were so helpful with my issue and sent me a new phone case to hopefully fix my issues.
 The plastic coating doesn't fit right.  It is impossible to use the screen with the clear screen protector on.  I have bought Otter boxes for a long time and this one is terrible.  The only way to make the phone usable is to cut out the clear plastic screen coating which defeats the purpose of the cover.  Very disappointed.  I also both same product in a different color for another family member and had the same issue!
 Bulky but wow! Real protection. Would not adjust or modify. Screen cover and cover over home button work perfectly. Must remove other screen covers to work properly.
 Case looks great after 4 days of use it's not dirty at all frankly I think people are lazy as long as u clean it frequently when u see the stain and or set it on its back as much this case is fine I recommend cleaning every 2 days thoughly with wipes and soap and warm water the screen protector is not that good but it was more than easy to pop out love the color dropped my phone 3 times since having on concrete it and it's great protected the phone beautifuly the color is so pretty and poppy if u want this color be ready to clean it if your lazy don't buy this color other than that love it.
 The touch screen cover makes it very difficult to use the phone. The box itself is super sturdy. I don’t think my phone will break unless it’s run over by a car.
 I love this cover. Not only does it keep my phone safe (from my own clumsiness and my children) but it’s also super cute!
 Fit the iphone 8 great.  Love the front and back coverage of the phone since for a 12 year old boy.  The color scheme was awesome too (light blue and gray).  I'd buy it again.
 It works well, however the design side of the case does not sit flush with the phone. It is kind of like a lump on the back. Very annoying. For the price this item is a good deal. Hope my review helped!
 Nothing like an Otter Box to keep your phone safe from harm!  Dropping phone doesn’t matter anymore with this. This has A Solid construction. Recommend to anyone  looking for a good case.
 The plastic screen protector makes it a little bit tough for using the touchscreen portion of your phone, and if the clip would not have broken after about 26 hours of owning it it may have been a very good phone holster. The clip design is very weak And held together with what appeared to be super glue.
 What more can I say. This is the best protection I’ve found for a phone that almost costs as much a a used car. Lol<br/>I am a loyal customer to this brand.<br/>The shipping was fast at a great price. Next phone I will buy another one.
 I drop my phone all the time and my phone is still like new in this case.<br/><br/>Do noy skimp on buying the best quality phone case on the market...just get it.
 Otter box defender is the only type of case I it on any of mine or my family’s phones.<br/>It has been a life saver on keeping cracks on the screen etc. I can’t tell you how many times I have dropped my phone
 These are the best cases around. They have protected my phones from being thrown like a foot ball across the yard, they have survived years of drops, smashes, punches. With the price I recieved from amazon I can now afford anger managment therapy.
 This case gets really dirty very quickly and looks bad with only a few weeks use. I've been using otter box cases for years and this is the first time I've been really disappointed.
 Came on time and fits perfectly!!!! However, changed it to 2 stars because it is horribly difficult to type with. I can’t type because the plastic part has to make contact. Returning. Don’t recommend.
 This case is the second of its type I’ve used across two generations of iPhones. The case provides all the protection I could want without increasing the phone profile too much. The only drawback (as with most fully enveloping cases) is the small change in keyboard/touchscreen response. Nothing serious but it takes a bit to adapt. Excellent protection and a great price from otterbox.
 Not my first Otterbox and usually I am very happy with their products. This is a high quality case and I am sure it will protect my phone very well. The one and only issue I have with this phone case...after less than one week of use, the Realtree camo graphics are starting to peel off. Pretty disappointed with that. Product was expensive. Graphics should be more durable.
 My BF was in a motorcycle accident.  He got banged up really badly.  He is doing okay now.  But his phone wasn't damaged at all.  He didn't want this case at first. he said it was too bulky.  He thanks me for the case weekly.. lol  This is all that I use on my phone.  I don't care how bulky.  It keeps my phone like new.
 Great case for iPhone it feels as good as it looks, haven't dropped it yet but again it looks and feels like it could take a drop w/o any damage.  The screen protector is a nice feature and belt clip on is excellent too.  Great price would recommend for anyone concerned about damaging their iPhone.
 Shows wear - order a darker color. Started looking dirty after a couple weeks, and doesn't wipe clean.
 This is my third otterbox purchase. I bought 2 previously for older iPhones and have no complaints. I'm disappointed that after 6 months the third case has cracked allowing water to penetrate the phone. It is now useless and will have to find a better case. In the future I will not support Otterbox.
 In the end, this case was a total waste of money. It seems to protect the phone well enough, but within a week of using it, the cover got so dirty that it was embarrassing to use. No amount of scrubbing or cleaning would get the dirt off. I got the mint colored one, so I can only assume a darker color case might hide the dirt better. I ended up buying a different cover completely because it looked so grimy and filthy. I’m really disappointed because I’ve purchased cases from Otter Box in the past with no issues.
 Went shopping for best price over color. Good price, acceptable color and known good product. This is a replacement when my phone was upgraded.
 My husband is loving his new case! He had one on his iPhone 6 and he is hard on his phones. That phone was dropped so many times. The case started to look a hot mess. But the phone inside was beautiful when I took it out too return it to Sprint it was dirty but not a scratch or dent anywhere! You will love this case if you need maximum protection because you are a dropper of your phones. You want be sorry that you ordered this case!!!
 While they do take the sexy right out of your phone, you'd be hard pressed to find better protection.  I like to sell my old iPhones on ebay when I'm ready to upgrade.  After 3 years of drops, kicks, and crashes, my phones emerge as new and I get top dollar at auction.
 You're here because you've owned OtterBoxes in the past and love them, right?  You see the negative reviews and assume they are written by people who are not responsible.... right again?  BELIEVE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS.  My husband had to help me get this on the phone because it was so poorly made and then once he did I couldn't use the keypad on my iPhone because it was so thick.  Stay away from this cover and hope that OtterBox gets back on their game.  As for this one:  don't waste your time/money.  Thankfully I can return this.
 In terms of protection it’s a great product. Unfortunately the teal outer case started looking disgusting within a week of putting it on my phone (and I don’t use my phone in any kind of dirty work environment, just general daily use) I tried about 5 different ways of cleaning it including finally soaking it in bleach but that didn’t even help.
 While I am a longtime fan of Otterboxes in general, the Defender doesn’t work well with my iPhone 7. The protective screen makes the touch screen less responsive, and it is now impossible to interact with the edges of the screen. Go with the Commuter series.
 I love my otter boxes.  I have used them for two different i phones - this being my third.  My phones look brand new after two years.  Trust me - i have dropped these babies.  Only once was one actually damaged and otter box replaced it right away.
 I'm done with OtterBox for my iPhone 8. Belt clip is extremely fragile at point where clip attaches to phone bracket. The attachment is essentially DESIGNED and manufactured as a "single point of failure." NO STARS!  If i'd realized how little plastic holds the entire rig together, I'd never have bought it. I've had previous OtterBox belt clips break, but never so quickly or at the "single point of failure." I like OtterBox cases, but they're useless to me without a belt clip. I'm not just disappointed, I'm DONE!
 Case is great.  Color is really nice.  Plastic screen is horrible, but I already knew that before I ordered it.  Popped it out and replaced it with a glass screen.
 I keep coming back to the OtterBox Defender Series.  It provides great protection for this klutz!  I can't tell you how many times I've dropped my phone on concrete' no damage to phone or screen. When I upgrade my phone, it gets OtterBox protection .
 After the first days with this phone case the camouflage pattern on the back is coming off.  Clearly this is a knock off.  I had an otter box in the past that last me over three years  with zero problems.  I guess you pay for what you get considering the price is so cheap.  I would 100% not recommend buying this case if you want to camo design.  And probably any other graphics  they put on their knock off phone cases.  Just get a black OtterBox If you don’t wanna have the same problem I had.
 I like the rugged durability of these cases.  I’ve had one ever since having iPhone.<br/><br/>They have always held up to the abuse I could give it - as well as from my kiddos.
 My daughter is hard on her phones.  I buy inexpensive androids but she helps pay and insists on the iphone as it fits the Apple ecosystem well with her MacBook that she uses for college.  This case keeps her phone safe from damage and drops.  We rely on the case vs paying monthly for phone insurance.  It is bulky, but it is tough!
 My grandsons Iphone was saved from a dog by this case.  The dog chewed the cover up but it never damaged the phone.  Do not buy any other phone case.
 The camo has rubbed off within 2 months and we have owned 2 previous outter box camo cases and they still lol brand new and perfect. QUALITY is worse.
 Thinner than the original and doesn’t sit in the old clip with screen side out. Fell out in a bank parking lot and was lost for a day. Can’t be certain it wasn’t my fault, but...
 I love this OtterBox.  It has saved my phone multiple times.  I had the previous Defender for my iPhone 4 and it last 4 years.  The phone died first.  This for my iPhone 7 is just as good, if not better.  It came with the belt clip, which I don't use.
 This has saved my phone so many times.  I have the bad habit of dropping my phone often.  So far, it has survived each fall.  One from about 8 feet up onto a concrete floor.  I would buy one of these again in a heartbeat.
 I've used OtterBox for all of my iPhones over the past 10 years.  This is the first one I've had trouble with.  When you touch the screen it doesn't always take the "touch" and I have to tap it as much as 8 times to get it to respond.  I've taken it out of the case and the iPhone works perfectly, so there's something about this case that keeps the plastic shield of the OtterBox from allowing the iPhone to sense my fingertip tap when I'm trying to use the iPhone.  Frustrating!
 See picture, one year after purchase and the rubberized back of the case has seperated from the case.
 I had this case for one year.  I take the screen protector out, I don't like it.  Otherwise, it's perfect.  I bought a new one when I wore my first one out.
 It has protected my phone well, but for some reason easilylets in dirt. Sometimes I have to open it and clean out the inside, irritating but my phone is safe overall<br/><br/>Easily let’s in water from no where, like it just appears
 This case is bulky, but it does its job.  My teen has dropped her phone multiple times (including in our neighborhood's storm drain!) and it is still in one piece.
 great case it doubles the thickness of your phone but it works great, i have dropped this phone many times and it’s keeps on working.
 It’s great, have dropped my new phone more times then I care to admit and so far no issues. My only problem with it is that once the phone is in the case it takes muscle to get it back out.
 Each time I get a new phone I get one of these cases. I drop my phone a lot and never any damage. It even landed in water for a few sec and no damage.
 5 months later and it’s broken, if a drop of water lands on my phone it gets inside the case... I’ve always ordered otterbox defender cases for my phones but after this one I guess I’ll look into other brands
 Awful product. Do not buy!!! The rubber on case pealed after 2 days. I called Otterbox for a replacement and they wanted to charge me $4.99 to send me the new case.  If there was a 1/2 star available for the review, I would have used a 1/2 rating.
 We have used Otter Box cases for years and the Defender is what we prefer for my husband's construction business.  It takes a beating while the phone survives.
 Does a great job of protecting my phone.  I use it outdoors almost daily and have been very happy with it. Wish I could get by with cutsie phone covers but need this layer of protection. Good purchase decision.
 Was exactly what I purchased and have had it for a couple months now and has held up wonderfully.  The only complaint I would have is the color gets dingy looking around the edges if you put yours in your jean pockets from time to time like I do.  But that is just due to me, not the case.  Great purchase.  I have dropped my phone a couple times also and this protected it 100%!  no cracks!
 awesome case.... my two toddlers​ have sure put it to the test!
 Fits great. The case itself is already stained up from being in my pants pocket and in my purse pocket. The dye transfers overs so that’s a huge let down. Makes the case look junkie and old when it’s brand new.
 Terrible case. My phone continually acts up and this case lets moisture in. Going to have to buy a. new case. I only had this one for 5 months.
 Ordered this same protector as a replacement for the last one. Which has lasted over a year.  The screen protector does eventually start scratching. What do you expect it’s plastic. Over all, I have used nothing but this type of otterbox since I bought my first smart phone, and haven’t cracked or damaged a screen yet.
 This case provides great protection for your phone. Bulkier than some other cases, but that’s what makes it better for protection.
 overall the case is very nice.  it protects the phone very well.  however i didn't like the plastic that covers the screen of the phone.  you have to press very hard to make the phone respond.  got frustrated.  also amazon charged me $5.99 in shipping charges to return the phone.  if i had known that, i wouldn't have ordered it at all.  as it is i found a decent pelican case at TJ Maxx for $9.99.
 OtterBox has always been great for my family. All you have to do is call them if you have an issue. My son got this as a present for his new iphone 8. All Stars due to being delivered on time and it was exactly what we wanted!!
 This thing has survived a flight of stairs and the ocean, among the daily drops and dings my poor phone gets. Honestly the only case I trust myself with.
 Horrible! I love otter box and how it protects my phone, but I’ve had this case just a week and it looks like it’s so dirty from wearing in my pant pocket and any dirt marks it collects. I will have to order another one unfortunately because this one makes it look like my phone is so dirty.
 I love the color of this case. So fun! I’ve been using an otter box case since I bought my phone years ago and needed a new one. The old one held up for a long time and through rough usage. I’m sure this one will be no different...except a cooler color ;)
 The hard casing, shell, and belt clip are very helpful in keeping your phone protected.  I choose not to use the belt clip.  The most important thing to note is the presence of a built in plastic screen cover.  I found it quite difficult to use the screen properly and tried to cut out the cover, which didn't go so well so now I'm in the market for a new phone case.  I wish they made this exact case without the clip and screen cover!
 Frustration Free Packaging FTW!!! This comes in an easy to open Cardboard box...not those infuriating plastic containers that you are guaranteed to get upset at. OtterBox continues to be the standard in phone protection. Would def recommend.
 My Dad can now throw his phone every time he wants! Strongly suggest this!
 Best cover ever!  I had my iPhone 5 for 4 years protected by the OtterBox.  It is in great condition.  I dropped it a lot and it was well protected,  I was so excited about buying this "designer" version. I get compliments almost everyday!  Very sturdy.  Didn't need to buy insurance for my iPhone7, because I know it is well protected.
 Bought this for my fiance and she really loved how snug it fits on the phone. Makes the phone feel very firm and well protected. The colors were just as the picture showed.
 Fake fake fake! Save your money! I've only had this a few months and it's already falling apart. The plastic is cracked and the outer silicone is stretched and misshapen. I've always used otter boxes and never had any issues. A little research later and I discover that this is fake.
 Great case. My husband uses it and has had it for months with no problems. It’s durable and very protective. He wants another
 The pink and purple combo actually is a pepto-bismol pink. I wish I bought grey. It also doesn't register me touching the phone like the old cover this replaced and I don't like the bulk but I'm hoping this offers excellent protection.
 I get compliments all the time, I still have this case almost a year after purchasing and besides getting dirty it still looks perfect.
 I’ve had this for awhile now and have had NO problems with it.<br/>My phone has been dropped and knocked off of a high tabletop with NO damage at all.
 I have always loved and used otter boxes. This one does its job by protecting my iPhone &amp;&amp; the color is great. Only reason I gave it 3 stars is because it does get easily dirty compared to my old otter boxes.
 I got this for my son. He got his first phone and this protects it well. The colors are just as described. Great little case and real otterbox
 I purchased this product back in January, it is now June. The clip broke 2 months ago. After that the rubber protection around the outside of the case became all stretched out and does not fit around the phone for good protection. I take good care of my phones and the cases  so it was not from abuse. Disappointed in this happening since I was expecting the product to last longer than 4 months. I like Otter Box Products, and am looking into the warranty to see if it will cover this.
 Purchased this OtterBox Defender in late March 2018 and put it on my iPhone 7.  After 2 1/2 months of carrying the phone in my left front pants pocket, I have taken it off - never to be put on again.  While the case is bulky and affords good protection from bumps and spills, the built in screen protector does not adhere to the iPhone screen like a TechArmor would, therefore it lets in dust over time that gets in &amp; under the home button and screen protector.  I paid ~$20 for this case - wish I could return it for Amazon credit.
 Phones get dropped and I wanted some good basic protection.  OtterBox is great - worked for my iPhone 6 and now my new iPhone 7.  This is particularly important as I work 4 days a week in Newport Mansion with lots of stone and marble floors.  Not a place to drop a phone!
 This is the 4th Otterbox Defender case I have had and the first that lasted 3 months. The Touch ID protector flimsy enough it created a hole and was no longer useful. That being said I am ordering another. Normally the enclosure rubber wears out first but not enough to have to replace it. This case WILL protect your phone... I do endorse this product just want my Touch ID to work again.
 This case provides excellent protection against bumps and falls. Quite easy to install; ease of installation improved over old model I had 3 years ago.
 Pros: nice color, durable, not too bulky<br/>Cons: when you text there is an annoying tapping sound and you have to push hard to text, I broke about 3 nails trying to open the case<br/>Overall I like the case but lifeproof might be better.
 My wife loves this case.  Previous case for her Iphone 6s was run over by a semi big rig.  She had an otterbox on that phone and when I checked, not a single scratch or issue.  Not waterproof, but the iphone 7 is already semi waterproof.
 Its held up great for the past 4 months. I did have to cut the plastic screen protector off. The screen protector gets in the way and hinders screen performance and visuals.
 Great case to save your phone if you drop it!  They could come out with a more scratch resistant screen - and do away with the  plastic bubble over the front screen button!
 I've had a bunch of these.  This one I just ordered is not a good fit over the screen.  I have to press harder than normal to make contact.  Still a good protector case though.
 Got this for teenage daughters new iphone.  I looks good and protects great.  I'm sold on these cases for excellent phone protection.
 Otterbox has always been good in the past, but not this time.  Still great for the accidental drops but noticed that after 10 days of use the pattern is rubbing off.  Had the same pattern before on an older phone and had no issues, now with the new version I am very disappointed.  Fit was good and assembly was just like previous models, can’t believe the pattern is coming off already.
 3rd one I’ve owned. Keep the iPhone safe when dropped. No need for screen cover since built into case.<br/>Issue is the catches on the case wear out with repeated use within about a year.<br/>Downside is it makes the phone about 2x as thick.
 I like the way the case looks and feels. The touch screen feels a little different than a real attached screen protector but not bad. I just don’t like that dust and dirt get under the screen cover very quickly and easy. I had to take case apart after a week to clean the inside of it. And the thumb print won’t work with it on anymore even after cleaning that area.
 We have  purchased a lot of cellular phones over the years.  Otterbox, by far, makes the best protective covers.
 This is my 3rd OtterBox Defender and I can not be without it.  I seldom drop my phone but the 4 times I did, I was so happy I had the DEFENDER. I keep my iPhone 7 in my pocket and have no problem with the weight of the DEFENDER. As long as I have an iPhone I WILL always have an Otterbox case.
 So far serving it’s purpose. He took the plastic screen protector off cause he didn’t like the slight gap between he plastic and the screen but he didn’t buy it for the screen protector. It’s nice that the holder doubles as a stand. Makes him keep it instead of throwing it in the trash.
 It is ok. I am using it, but it arrived with a defect. The outer rubber casing was twisted significantly on the narrow area on the left side where it fits over the plastic case half way down the side of the phone. I fixed it by heating is multiple times with a lighter and flattening it with a knife while hot. The cutout by the rear camera has a jagged edge with a slight bump. It makes me wonder if the case is a knockoff. But it does the job and I have been using it for over a month. I have dropped my phone a few times and have not had any issues. The fit is perfect.
 Best case I’ve ever purchased. I never have to worry my phone will break when I drop it, which is at least a dozen times a day. Mine has lasted me nearly 2 years now and still looks alright and works great! I would like to upgrade to a new one sometime soon. If you have a little extra to invest, it’s worth it.
 I've had this a while now and like it as a good protective case for my iPhone 8. It is a little bulky so it doesn't always fit in my pocket, but it doesn't slip out of my hand and has protected my phone on several occasions when i did drop it.
 The otter box defender was the first case I purchased for my iPhone. It held up great. Decided I needed a new case so I bought a Pelican. We use their cases for protecting sensitive, expensive equipment so their phone cases must be awesome. 3 months of use and the hip holster broke. I bought another Defender and it is doing great.
 My iphone have not cracked yet from this case! if you drop your phone a lot i recommend this phone case. The one thing i dont like about this is sometimes I have to click the screen a couple of times for it to go through.
 Does it’s job, but something about the texture causes dirt to stick to it. Tried taking the case off and washing with soap and water and that doesn’t work. I’m giving 2 stars just for that reason. It would get 5 stars otherwise.
 As someone who drops her phone more than the average person, I've always relied on the OtterBox. I've had this one for a few months, and have been extremely pleased with it. I only felt compelled to write this review now because I dropped my phone into a (clean) toilet the other day, and it was completely submerged in water, and still works PERFECTLY. I took off the case to dry everything off, but it's amazing to me that my phone still works perfectly--don't think this would have been possible with a less protective case.
 Good protection for my phone but hard to use the keys on my phone.
 I bought this case due to working construction outside. You can tell it is really thick and sturdy, so I wasn't worried about a cracked screen. Just with all the dust and dirt I work around, the dust a dirt got into the case and made minor scratches on the back and scratched the screen with dust between the screen and the attached film on the case.
 I love this color. What else can I say, I LOVE otter box ! Super high quality this product is worth every penny.
 The choices of colors and backs for the IPhone were more numerous on this site.  I like the OtterBox cases and feel they do a good job protecting my phone.  I had a Commuter series case for my iPhone 6S and it withstood being run over by two cars (I left the phone on the top of the car while I was buckling in the grandchildren - the phone was fine!).  The Defender seems to be more sturdy in case I forget again :(  I would recommend the OtterBox cases to anyone
 This color helps me find my phone! I love it!
 Very protective, but this case just a week after getting it started looking so dirty.  I’ve always bought Otterbox and this has never happened.  Whatever material they are using now seems to pick up a lot of dirt.
 It’s not the real deal
 I ordered this for my friend and she likes it.  I've used the Otterbox Defender case on all my iPhones from my very first.  I will get another one if/when I get a new phone.  They're the best.
 This is the perfect case for your phone! The only issue I had was the screen cover, the screen doesn't work well with it on so I took it off and the case has he perfect coverage for my phone. I like how it has a high lip for screen protection.
 Purchased the Defender for my husband. It’s what he prefers. However, it does have to be replaced every couple of years as it starts to fall apart/stretch out, and it’s bulky. I prefer the Otterboc Symmetry.-Lasts much longer and it is far more comfortable to hold.
 The phone has been dropped several times, and no damage whatsoever.  A little difficult to assemble, but then it totally works!
 This is my second one, amazon shipped me a new one, and both have nearly zero paint left on them. I am not hard on phones at all, they only go in my pocket. Now, instead of a camo otter box I have dull brown with white rubbing through all over.
 Looks good and protects well. Everything you would expect from an OtterBox.
 The case does make your phone heavy ,if you have small hands like me it takes a while to get used too, but definitely recommend if you drop your phone a lot ,pretty water proof , DO NOT GO DROP IN WATER,
 Otter box phone cases are the gold standard for phone cases. I always look for them when I get a new phone.
 The colors are so vibrant and lightweight! Also easy to put on or take off!! Having a clip is a definite plus and a plastic clear cover over the screen makes me feel like it is safer against harm! I love how it covers the input for a charger as well as the switch for sound on and off!!
 My husband loves this phone case. He especially appreciates the holster/clip. He won’t use anything else.
 When I first got this otter box I loved it!!!!  The color is feminine and I was very happy with it.  After only about a week of normal use I noticed that the case absorbs stains just from sitting in my pocketbook and just from very gentle use the case got dirty and I've tried absolutely everything to clean it but the stains absorb and the case does not come clean.  I'm so disappointed :(  I expect much better quality from Otter box.
 The attached plastic screen cover has a couple millimeters of space between itself and the phone. This makes it near impossible to touch the corners of the phone and it makes an awful popping/snapping sound every time you touch the screen, so forget about writing notes, texts, google searches, etc. I apologize for the negativity, I’m just being honest.
 This is my 6th otter box case! But this just doesn’t work w the 8. The screen is to big for the case. It’s extremely difficult to navigate anything close to the edge. Simply to big and cumbersome. Not user friendly w the 8.
 Excelent protection! I have seen several phones with cracked screens but never while being protected by an otterbox! I work outside and have dropped my phone several times over the years! Iphone 4, 5, 7! I protected them all with the defender series!
 Best phone case ever. I use it daily and it makes me really happy. I am a clumsy buffoon, and I would have broken my new iPhone 8 within a month without this case. I bought it the day I bought the phone, and it was here two days later with Amazon Prime. I recommend this print too. I get a lot of compliments on it.
 Great product. This is my 2nd time ordering this case. I had the other one for so long, and had dropped my phone many many times, with never any damage. It’s such a great phone protector that I didn’t need to try anything else.
 The case is great, it has saved my phone countless time in the last few weeks. I work in dirty and dust conditions and I will say that dust finds it’s way onto the screen. The finish of the case also has started to come off but that is mainly do to the heavy use of my phone. All together it’s a great case and is well worth the buy.
 A high quality, sturdy case that you’d expect from OtterBox but the flimsy, built-in screen protector sucks. It affected the overall use of the touchscreen and ultimately forced us to rip it out because I couldn’t risk returning it and having to wait for a new one. Ended up buying the separate glass screen to replace that piece and I’m happy with it but frustrated I paid a higher price for what was suppose to be an “added, better feature” and the time we spent having to toy with it to make it usable.
 I’ve had this case for 8 months since I first got my iPhone 7 and it has protected my phone numerous times. I’m very clumsy and I’ve dropped my phone numerous times but my phone is still in excellent condition. Thank you lovely case.
 These covers are perfect! Heavy duty, water resistant, and have covered plug-in site for recharging. We used to get hay in the charging port. No more!
 I don't bother with cell phone insurance since I have an OtterBox Defender case.  Haven't found a better case yet.  We had a toddler through an iPhone SE in an OtterBox Defender case from our second story loft onto the tile below landing facedown and no damage to the phone.  Huge sigh of relief having the OtterBox!!!
 I’ve had an otter box before but when I bought my iPhone 7 I went with another brand. I was hesitant to buy The pre-owned version but was pleasantly surprised  as it was brand new when he came out of the box. The case was easy to install and it fits perfectly. Happy to be back with the OtterBox brand.
 I normally do not review products because well to be completely honest I’m lazy.. but this case is absolutely garbage there’s a HUGE gap between the screen protector and your phone screen which makes typing/scrolling difficult if not impossible for most of the screen.. I will be returning or trashing this. Do not waste your money or time on this.
 Work as a maintenance technician in an industrial environment and have used this product on earlier model iPhones.  When upgrading to the iPhone 8, it was my first/only choice as a protective case, and will continue to be.
 I’ve always used OtterBox for my iPhones. I replace them when the rubber loosens up or when the plastic clips on the inner cover break.<br/>I received this one new one on May 17 (today is June 11, not even a month later) and something has happened that I’ve never experienced. The cover to the home button just sluffed off! I’ve attached a photo. The outer case is great, it’s just the home button - thoughts? Ever had this happen to you?
 I love OtterBox and I love these cases. This case was no different and held up wonderfully. Then one day I looked at the back of my case and it was dirty along the edges. I tried to clean it every way possible and no luck, the edges are black! Of course now it's just outside of the return time so I'm stuck with it. This has never happened to any of my other OtterBox cases, and I'm very disappointed in this one.
 I bought otterbox for Iphone 8 a few days ago, I'm really disappointed with it because there is a gap between touchscreen and protector, that is a design of otterbox for Iphone 7 and 8. Due to this design problem, I should press too hard to have results because touchscreen don't  works well with this gap.  I'd like to change my review if you have some solution for me, if not... I'm will be returning it back soon
 looks good, half the price of best buy, but some phone calls are muffled or echo due to the case.
 Great color for hubby phone instead of black. Needs this heavy protection since he’s an outdoor guy!
 It is not easy to install onto the phone. I had to go to YouTube to find instructions.<br/>The last rubber layer has a flap that covers the charging g port. Recently, it has begun to interfere with the charging cord. I actually had to remove the rubber cover in order the cord to be unhindered.
 I've had this case for almost a year, and it is still trucking along.  I do have an issue with things getting under the screen protector, but it's easy to clean...once you pry the thing open.  Otterbox is absolutely the way to go.
 Nothing protects your phone like an Otter Box case! Especially the Defender series. I bought this one for my son's iPhone 7 and we don't have a cracked screen yet! Not expecting one! The cases also help protect the resell value of your phone if you put the phone in the case as soon as you inbox it from the factory. Keeps your phone looking like its new in box! Always Otter box on our phones!
 To be honest I do not think there is any difference between this case and the one I had for my iPhone 6S.
 Would never have an iPhone without an OtterBox.  And it nothing to do with Peyton Manning being their new spokesperson.
 Otterbox is a great product, though the flap for the charger port is a bit unusual.  Otherwise, great product.
 Cracked after a few months down at the bottom by the home button. Wish I would have bought from otter boxes website so I could get a new one for free.
 Great Product. Fit perfectly to new cell phone. This is not my first Otto Box product. You create an excellent product that fully protects my cell phone. I am a very please customer. Thank you.
 Lose what I like about phone is so bulky. However, that the reason your phone would be so protected and has a belt clip. Not what I thought, but very good for someone looking for this.
 The material is a very pliable plastic that gets stained really easily.<br/>There's also no cover over the camera or ear phone.<br/>But it's been dropped by a 2 year old a bunch and the phone inside still looks brand new
 It’s big &amp; bulky and collects tons of dust between the screen and the screen protector. But it is durable.
 On two occasions the phone has not had audio connection because the case caused the screen to "key Hold" the interface.<br/>take phone out of case and it stars working again. reassembled the case again very carefully ; if it does not happen again I will add two stars to sound quality . As for durability it has already saved my phone from damage if not total destruction!
 So far I've had this case for two weeks and I absolutely love it. The colors are so vibrant and completely my style and it's held up well for me. Also there has been no discoloration from it being in my jean pockets or anything as I know some colors can rub off. Very pleased with this purchase and 10/10 would purchase again
 I liked that this case is durable but not too bulky. I tend to be hard on phones so this was perfect for me! Price wasn’t too bad either. Only think I didn’t care for was the included glass screen protector. Made it kind of hard to type so I ended up taking that one out and just using one that sticks directly on the phone screen. Haven’t had any issues!
 I like it until I the belt clip broke.It cracked when I attempted to attach it to my belt
 This case does not keep dust and debris out. I was constantly having to open it up and clean my phone. I replaced it with a case that does keep dust and debris out.
 Still the best case I have ever had. A little complicated to install be well worth the trouble.  Very durable and protective on bumps and scratches.
 The screen doesn’t stay adherent to the iPhone so I’m constantly feeling air between.  This decreases responsiveness of my typing.  I sent it back and got another one with the same problem.  And no, my iPhone is not curved or bent.
 I drop my phone about 10 times a day and this case has held up really nicely. The only thing is that it's really difficult to get off when I need to clean my phone. Also the plastic by the charger port cover broke off and it doesn't stay closed anymore. But I would still highly recommend this case.
 Great case for my IPhone 7. Gives me peace of mind if I drop it. Definitely protects my phone. I did take the plastic piece off the front tho and put on a different screen shatter proof protecter. I would recommend this case. Love the color too!
 This product has saved my phone countless times! I drop my phone at least once a week, gosh I’ve dropped it on concrete three times just today and it doesn’t have so much as a scratch on it.
 Got this for my wifes phone, very happy with the fit and finish.  She's very rough on her phone (as well as when the kids get ahold of it) and having this case makes me feel comfortable that we won't have to replace the phone in an emergency after a drop.
 You just cannot beat an OtterBox Defender Series case for protection of your iPhone.  bought this for a thirteen year old to protect her new iPhone. Has a great selection of colors to choose from and it provides protection.
 I have butter fingers and this case always saves it from falls on concrete or tile floor. It won't help if you drop it down a cliff, so don't expect it to save it in extreme conditions.<br/>Dust does collect eventually in ear section and perimeter of screen, but l cleaning every once in a while isn't a big deal.
 Wanted something more then a lifepoof- even tho I’ve had good luck with them. I decided to get another otterbox which have been very reliable. And once again, I’m happy with the outcome
 As always, OtterBox Defender series is a tough, heavy duty case to protect my phone.  Love the purple color.
 My Otterbox Defender-protected iPhone 8 is in perfect condition after spending the night facedown in the snow on a gravel driveway. I can see from the screen protector that it was stepped on at the very least. However, when I took it out of the case, there wasn't a scratch or a drop of water on the phone. Amazing.
 While this case will definitely live up to it's promise of keeping your phone safe from drops, cracks, and dings, I would not buy it again. Very bulky and does not easily fit in to a pocket or small purse/clutch. The case itself was not easy to open to even get your phone inside. There was also a think plastic film (no doubt meant to be a screen protector) that I ended up using scissors to cut off as it wouldn't recognize my finger of the touch screen through the plastic.
 This is a very secure case for your new phone. Took a bit to figure out his to take it apart to put phone in. My home button has become a little hard to depress is only complaint
 Item came on time and as expected. Used for a child’s phone. Has been dropped many times with no damage.
 If you've had an Otterbox defender series case before, this one is exactly like the others. It's a great case, the only issue is the screen protector doesn't feel perfectly flush with the screen. If you really hate it you can easily pop the built in one out. Over all a very good case.
 Protective nice case. Unfortunately on my iPhone 8  The screen cover on this case is super plasticky So when typing letters the phone doesn’t register your fingertips. I’m going to have to get a new case this one is not usable
 I like how durable it is. My toddler throws it around when he's mad and my phone doesn't brake. The downside it that the outside of it is peeling off around the circle and the bottom that closes when you put your charger is ripping apart. i've had it for about 9 months not sure how long its supposed to last.
 The case I received was defective. It does not open as it's supposed to (the entire thing was one piece with no seams). There's no way to get a phone in. I'm also unsure of the authenticity, as the case came unprotected (and not functional) in just a plastic bag (not the traditional Otterbox packaging). Returning and ordering from another vendor.
 Item came on time and as expected. Used for a child’s phone. Has been dropped many times and no damage.
 i've had many many otter boxes and this one got FILTHY without even trying. it attracted dirt. i swapped it for another color and havent had any trouble.
 Product is great! I've dropped my phone so many times and it stays protected! However, the teal color begins to look dirty rather quickly (within a month) and no matter what you do you can't clean the "dirty" coloring off.
 We've purchased a number of defender series cases (iPhone 6 and 7), but for the this model, the rubbery outside case is a bit too big. So, it puckers and is now falling off the inner casing. This happened within the first couple weeks of owning it. I'm disappointed with the product.
 The clear screen protector does not register touch very well.  I end up having to click things 3-5 times.  This gets super frustrating with texting.  I purchased two defender cases for two new iphone 7's and neither case registers touch well.  We usually get otter box cases for all of our devices and tablets but will be switching to other brands.
 Good product and cute too.  Otterbox is known for their quality and this doesn't disappoint.  I think it's not as bulky as some of the others I have seen.
 protect your phone well! drawback is it gets dirty almost every month you need to remove the whole case and clean underneath.
 I love everything about the case with the exception of the fingerprint ID failing to work after just 9 months. I removed the case and it works fine. I also tried to add my fingerprint again without any success. Several of my friends suggested cutting out the plastic over the touchpad but that would make my case loose it's waterproof feature.
 This is an otterbox. Do I really need to say anything more people. 😏 it’s well build feels solid in your hands. And a must if your looking to protect your device.
 The case itself is great considering how I’m prone to dropping my iPhone all the time, it is a little bulky and I got the turquoise case and you can see dirt on it very easily
 While the case is excellent, provides full and complete coverage, it's too bulky on the iPhone 7 for my small hands. I also don't like the texture as it rubbed my fingers. I purchased a different case.
 I think this will survive a fall but it is nowhere near water resistant.  Even using an antibacterial wipe will put liquid between the phone and plastic.
 We tried this Otterbox two times...thinking the first was just a fluke with the casing being warped. The replacement had the same issue. We have had Otterbox before but bought them from Best Buy and At&amp;T and have never had the issues we have had with this product. Very disappointed.
 The teal outer shell almost immediately started getting discolored with normal use. I love otterbox cases but they need to figure out a better coating or material for the outer shell on the lighter colored cases like this. I am getting rid of it and buying a darker colored one instead.
 The case in itself is very sturdy and can withstand quite a bit of abuse, however you do give up a lot of the sensory benefits that gives today’s phones their efficiency. There seems to be enough gap in between the phone and the screen portion of the case to make it irritating.
 I have had a life proof and never liked it while talking on the phone. No one can hear you on the other end and it is slippery to hold. I love the otterbox because you can hear and text with one hand without dropping. I got the color because it was cheap. I really like my otter box.
 Cute color but its not easy to clean. After 2 weeks not even an abrasive cleaner would get the dirt off the back of the case. I suggest buying black.  Also, the bottom of the case obstructs the microphone. I'm often told that I sound muffled when talking on speaker phone.
 I have been using this iPhone case (for my new iPhone 8) for 4 weeks and I could attest to its high quality and protection.  I paid half of what they charge at AT&amp;T... so totally worth the price.  It may seem bulky at first but knowing that your phone is protected, it doesn't matter at all.  It still fits in the back pocket of my jeans, and this is how I carry my phone most of the time.
 It's okay, I guess. However, the outer skin in the back started peeling after 3-4 months of use. overpriced IMO.
 Awesome case. I bought it for $30 at the time, however, I have seen it cheaper. I love the case. I've had it for about a month and nothing has been wrong with it. Color is still there and holds up well. The fingerprint id cover does not hinder the scanning.
 In my opinion, this case provides the best defense when it comes to protecting cell phones. It may be a tad bulky for some but Ill take that oveer a cracked screen any day.
 I usually buy otter box cases from Best Buy. This one was half the cost for the same product. I have used these cases for many years, and you do have to buy a new one after about 6 months (from regular wear and tear). I’m happy with my purchase!
 THIS IS NOT AN ORIGINAL OTTERBOX...VERY CHEAP SCREEN...SCREEN NOT FLUSHED WITH IPHONE SCREEN.
 Love this case.  Only use otter box defender cases for all my phones can't find better protection and the price on amazon is so much cheaper
 So far so good. Haven’t put it to the test but seems to protect. Makes phone heavy and bulky but the sleek cases don’t really protect.
 This Defender Otterbox does not seem quite as sturdy as the one I had for my iPhone 5. Nevertheless, I must trust the Otterbox people, since they have done a fine job of protecting phones so far.
 This fits my iPhone 7 perfectly and securely protects it perfectly. It is a bit bulky but it’s worth it. Would highly recommend this case.  I really love the colors too!
 As much as it does protect your phone after purchasing this case and having it three months the rubber part peeled! That makes me not happy considering I paid more money for a quality case! This is absolutely ridiculous!
 This was bought for my teens phone, and we are SO GLAD that we chose to keep her phone this well protected.  It had been down a flight a stairs and out a moving car, still working an looking beautiful!  Help yourself to be a little less stressed.  PROTECT your phone, and this is great choice, PLUS its super cute!
 Different that the one bought at walmart. Not sure if this is actually the otter box brand or a chinese fake. It works either way
 Fits great, no trouble with screen protector at all. Seems very responsive to touch. I had same model on my 6S and survived many drops (I am clumsy). Like this one just as much.
 Best case ever, my 5 year old drops my iPhone 7 plus all the time. I cry 😭 inside just a little, but it's still kicking no cracks, nada, i thinks it's perfect.
 I do not recommend this case. The plastic covering is too far from the phone and you have to press hard to make the phone work. The case is also incredibly difficult to get off.
 Great case. Needing something durable for my husband as he’s in the construction industry. Very durable and rugged. This is our sixth otterbox purchase and very happy with it.
 Item delivered quickly and fit my phone pefectly. I would highly reccomned for any Iphone 7 users.
 The screen is so loose on this piece of garbage, the phone doesn’t register my touch and I have to keep hitting keys repeatedly for the character to actually show up. I accidentally threw out the box so I can’t return it and will be stuck with this piece of junk until I buy something else. I’ve had other Otterboxes and haven’t had this problem, so I’m not sure why this one is so terrible; a waste of $20.
 I continually order these as I consider it the best protection for the money.
 Very good case, fits like a glove. Dropped it several times to test it out, and it works great, I didn’t even have to buy a glass front shield. Which saved me money.
 Heavy cushion all around the iphone, also covers the phone, the phone works by touching the clear cover, solid good protection.
 My son is always breaking a phone. This isn't too bulky and it's very protective. So far so good.
 Got this for my wife's iPhone 7.  Otterbox makes a durable case.  Item arrived quickly.
 It bounces off the floor if necessary. It is water resistant. I love it even though it is thick
 Fit is perfect. works and protects well. I have one for each member of my family.  Phones have been dropped and no damage. We use the holsters more than we thought we would.
 My stepdad does asphalt work &amp; this is the only case that saves his phone. Only issue is over time the asphalt gets into the case &amp; it won’t read his thumbprint...
 Like that my phone is safe in my kid's hands; but the screen protector bows out a little, which forces me to push a little harder in center for the screen to respond.
 My husband had what we thought was this same otter box for 5 years on a phone. He bought a new phone (different size) and we ordered this otter box. Within 1 month the camouflage is rubbing off. It is totally not like the original ones. They have cheapened these up terribly. Camo is just a paper type skin on the back. Doesn't wear well AT ALL!  The actual case seems fine but it looks really ugly after only 1month. So disappointed!
 Very disappointed in the quality and durability - not what I have come to expect from this company. The clip on the holster portion snapped after less than 6 months, I will not be purchasing another case by this brand in the future.
 The case is excellent. I knew that the design would be outrageous and it most certainly is. I love it.  I can now speak on the phone and remain hidden in the woods.
 Love it. It’s an otterbox. Spent the last 2 years looking around and playing with other cases and nothing beats this quality. I’m back.
 My old Otterbox that I bought with my phone was several years was old and stretched out and looking awful.  I bought the purple/orchid one from this site and it is beautiful.  It is the real deal and fits nice and snug.  Same price as Walmart but better choices and I didn't have to go to Walmart!  Came super quick.  I am pleased!
 It’s hard to use the side of the screen with this case in good durability tho
 The rubber tends to peel and not stay tightly conformed to the case. It does protects well against drops though
 I deal with LOTS of sawdust, drywall dust, nothing keeps my phone away from all that like otter box.
 My only wish is that I purchased this a day sooner.  We dropped the phone a day before the OtterBox arrived.  The case is holding up very well and is preventing any further cracks.  This would be a great purchase for a child, too, because they are rather difficult to get off.
 Highly recommend this product. Nice quality &amp; very durable. Looks nice on phone too. Not too bulky, though it is not a very slim case either. Great for someone who is outdoors and wants to protect their phone from dirt/water/etc.
 Works great.  I've already dropped my phone a few times, and this case has protected it well.  I don't care for (or need) the clip attachment, so I tossed that part.
 It's way more pink than purple. Otherwise it functions as it should.
 Nice case for the price. Had some difficulty getting it open but eventually got it. Makes my iPhone heavier than it is but it gives the whole phone excellent protection
 I loved this case!!! I did have to find a video on YouTube to figure out how to open it.  There was a slight amount of space between my screen and the protective cover, which took getting used to.  I ended up having to send this back to get the solid color version for my 8+ because this pattern is not available for the + model.
 Got this and was well worth the price.<br/>Protects my phone since I am hard on them.<br/>Not bulky in my opinion.
 Great protection for my iPhone 8.  It is bulky and hard to get in my pocket, but it has saved the phone from several drops on concrete.
 I love otter boxes! I drop my phone at least 5 times a day and this cover keeps it protected and looking brand new!
 Great
 It doesn't do what it says; it doesn't keep out fine grit or water. It's also a pain to take apart every few days to clean out the inside of the case.
 The case doesn't latch well and the opening for your belt is too narrow so a normal thickness belt doesn't get latched. The clip on the case latches to the rubberized case and not into the plastic and thus falls out regularly. Make this like the old case!!!!!!
 I drop my phone several times a week and i'm most grateful for the sturdiness of the Defender Series.  I have them from my iPads as well.
 My phone has dropped sooooo many times!! I took off the plastic to the cover and added a glass screen protector and my phone has been great so far, a year and many drops later!
 I previously owned an otter box case with the real tree graphics.  It was good.  This one was not.  The graphics faded and ran when a little water got on them.  Cheap.  I wonder if this was a real otter box.
 Cannot beat an otter box for phone protection. My husband is hard on his phones and these work great for him.
 This is awesome.  Ordered one evening and picked it up at the local Amazon warehouse the next morning.  Incredible.  Less $ than buying at the local phone store.  Great quality - Otter Box is THE best!
 i am a very clumsy dropper, after paying a lot of money on my phone to get the screen fixed, I decided to be smarter this time! This is my third otter box case, you cannot go wrong with this case! my phone is like new after many drops!
 I have had OtterBox cases on other phones and when I got my iPhone 8 I new that if I wanted a good case stick with the best. I would not go with anything else.
 Definitely protected my kids phones that have been dropped multiple times!
 Feels durable, isn't rubbery and sticky when going into your pocket like older models and doesn't make your phone a lot thicker like the old Otterbox cases for the iphone 5S.
 The case does a fairly good job of protecting the phone from drops and various impacts. It requires frequent disassembling to clean the dust and dirt that collects around the openings.
 I like that it is sturdy. I don’t care for thin cases. I didn’t like the screen so I found out how to remove it and now I’m very satisfied.
 My husband got a new phone and wanted an otterbox for it since our 2 year old son likes to watch YouTube on dada's phone when we are running errands.
 This is the worst case I have ever bought. Not only did my screen break while in this case, the case itself began to wear down. The top layer cannot sit evenly on the thin plastic part. The back is peeling off, definitely not scratch resistant, barely water resistant, but I guess it’s easy to hold!
 Love this case, really protects my phone, I wish the front screen protector was a little thinner so it would allow me to type more efficiently.
 This case started coming apart after a week of use. The circle part at the apple looks awful and the color of the case picks up every fingerprint, piece of dirt, etc and will not come off. We have even tried Clorox wipes.
 This case has been great so far.  It has kept my phone protected even though I have dropped it several times.  It has really held up great.  There is a couple of scratches on the clear plastic that goes over the screen but that is better than having the actual screen scratched!
 This case is even better in person.  I was worried about the green color but it is actually subtle.  I purchased for my fiancé and he loves it.
 This has been a great case so far. My kids are hard on their phones and this case has held up and protected the phone really well even after a couple of drops.
 Christmas gift fits great easy to install and fast shipping.
 My last one fell a part in two years. Hopefully this will last a little longer
 Great product. Great price. I’m very happy with this purchase. It does a great job of protecting an expensive iPhone!!
 Quickly delivered and well made. Screen worked well with the built in screen protector
 Yes, they are bulky, but they are the best phone protector on the market.  My kids and I use OtterBox's for our iPhones, and we are a tough clumsy family.  Zero issues!
 Otter box is wonderful and the price could not be beat!
 Thank you! My daughter learned the hard way not to put her phone in her back pocket. She fell accidentally at her high sch football game, rolled down a hill and into rocks. Her iphone ws destroyed. NOW she has the otterbox. Thank you!
 Great product ! I swear by Otterbox. Great protection for your phone. Had one for my old phone ( iPhone 5).
 My husband works construction and this is the only phone case he’ll use.  Great quality
 Terrible. Very difficult to use touch screen through this model case.
 My son has already been through one phone and case and is on his 2nd phone as we upgraded it.  He wanted a different color.  He is 11yo and this was the perfect gift for him.  Protects the phone well!
 I put this case on my thirteen year olds iPhone. Very rugged and durable to protect against teenagers
 It was great for a while but now the rubber is stretching. Like most people's experience, the rubber part of the case becomes loose around the phone.
 It's an otterbox. The name speaks for itself and this one is no different than the others I've had through the years. Tough and good looking.
 Very happy with this otterbox! The defender series is very durable and will definitely protect your iPhone from drops. I have a toddler and he drops my phone all the time and this case hasn't protected it so far!
 Love this case!  Has protected my phone through many a fall!
 Do not buy this particular model! Within literally a week of receiving it I noticed the camo pattern comes with so little as a light scrape from a fingernail. I’ve had to cover mine in scotch moving tape to act as a protective barrier. The only reason it got two stars was the fact that as an otterbox it works well but you’re better off just buyin a plain black case and putting a camo sticker on it yourself.
 You can practically turn your phone into a weapon with this amazingly durable case.  No more broken phones, long live the king of cases.
 Get a LifeProof. These cases scratched the heck out of my jet black iPhone 7. Dust gets into every cut out on the case and scratches your ohone.
 Love it and very sturdy
 Love the design and VERY durable case!!!
 I have a real otterbox on my old phone  it is 10 times heavier than this.  Im not sure what to do as I just purchased a new phone and its so slick I need this protection will probably return this its awful  Not sure what to order now and we don't have access to shopping in this town  GRRRRRR
 I'm so disappointed in my OtterBox. I've been a longtime customer and just purchased one for my iPhone 7. (I ordered it before I my phone.) Like another reviewer said, the home button isn't working consistently. I take it out of the box and it's fine. Appears quality control is sorely lacking when customers have to do "modifications" for it to work. I'm forced to send it back and I'll be looking for another protective case. Makes me sad. Please get a grip, OtterBox! You had a good thing going for many years.
 My wife loves it, I just had to cut the protective screen off so that we could actually use the phone...
 I went through about 4 phone cases before deciding on this one. I like everything about it.  I love the color and the style.  I have dropped my phone a ton of times and there has been no damage to the phone.  I would recommend!
 OtterBox as usual a durable product that protects vital communication equipment. Will never trust another brand to protect my ohone.
 This is the second of this particular case I’ve ordered for the same phone. I used to break multiple phones a year before I tried this case. (I guess I’m just accident prone). I’ve now been able to just keep using the same phone for years, unscathed, because of this case.
 It’s a nice case if you’re always dropping you phone, but too bulky for me. Guess I’ll buy the commuter series. It would’ve lighter and easier to carry.
 Good quality OtterBox case! Fun colors. Still holding up well 10 months later.
 Easy to put on - watched YouTube video to put on phone. Love the color and protects as expected.
 Love otter box. Keeps my sons phone safe. Otherwise he would probably break it.
 Otter box is my go to case.  We have them protecting many devices in the house.  A little expensive, but not a single damaged device in my house that is protected by an outerbox defender.
 This phone case is cute and provides solid protection for your phone. On my last phone I had a commuter case and it worked well but I decided to step it up this time. If my phone gets damaged with this case on I would be surprised
 This case is wonderful. It protects my phone from heavy drops. It is durable and useful in prolonging the life of my phone. I strongly recommend this case for your own personal use!
 Perfect fit and quality that I expected! Thanks for the quick delivery and usual stellar product!
 Said not for plus but case came and that’s what it was for meh
 Awesome protection when you need it.  Can’t go wrong with these cases.
 I bought this for my dad and he seems to like it. He is a welder and is rough on his phones. We’ll see how it holds up for the next few months
 These cases don’t let your expensive investment get damaged! Worth every penny and has never failed me.
 Otterbox is generally our go-to case for phones. But this one has caused frustration for my son. I liked the fact that a clear screen is included to cover his screen for more protection, but this one has a gap. It causes delays in selections or wrong keys to be selected due to the space in between the case and phone.
 I’m sure he would have broke his phone several times over if it did not have this case one!
 I could not find any other case that had such a good, non-slip grip.  I use my phone for work in the field and that is most important to me.
 Love these cases! Great color and super durable, even against babies!
 Otter box always fits perfectly and this has already protected my phone for a half-dozen drops.
 I'm very accident prone and needed a phone case to protect my phone from myself! lol this phone case has passed the text of several falls and drops already. It hs the hard outer shell and a rubber bumper on inside to double up on the protection. Otterbox is considerably cheaper on Amazon vs the big phone stores. If you're looking for a case that can protect your phone from abuse, look no further than the defender series.
 I swear by the OtterBox Defender case! I'm a clumsy person, and I drop my phone often. This has protected my phone countless times. This is the second one I have had, and it continues to do its job.
 Received OtterBox plus case when specifically says NOT PLUS.  Use caution when ordering.  Review has nothing to do with the case itself.  Defender cases are awesome.
 Finally a cute Otterbox!  Have used Otterboxes on all my iPhones and never had a problem. However, not waterproof but did save my phone from a short dip in the kids swimming pool.
 This is a great product. I was an idiot and dropped my phone out of my car and literally ran it over... my phone is still in nearly perfect shape. A little screen warping on one side but other than that it’s still in working order! I would suggest this product to anyone who is hard on their phones!
 Item as described. This is my fifth case of this type and I haven’t found any better. Half the price of the All black, so I added a little color to my hip.
 was very skeptical about buying this product after reading all the scary reviews but I went for it anyways and I'm glad I did. This case came in perfect conditions, is very sturdy and thank goodness no one has a problem hearing me over the phone with the case on unlike my previous TJ Maxx phone case.
 I work in a barn and this case has kept my phone unscratched all winter.
 My husband loves the camo look. It was perfect for him!
 I purchased the otter box in December. Six months later June it needs to be replaced. This is the first otter box that I have purchased where the rubber outer portion did not provide a good seal.  I guess my best success has been with the basic black otter box.  Previous otter box lasted &gt; 2 years.
 I've always used the letterbox defender for my phones just because i like to keep them well protected and in good condition, and they quality has always been great. With this case I noticed the quality definitely isn't the same and have read other reviews having the same issue. The corners of the outer layer don't fit very well after a couple weeks. They started to loosen and I'm not even rough or anything like that with my phones. Dirt and dust and stuff started getting in the phone as a result. I ended up just not using it anymore. They don't even offer as many color options as they used to for some reason
 Otterbox never fails me!! I love that I can get them for such a great price on amazon! With a toddler, these are a must!
 The case itself is nice but the screen does not work for texting.  I have to buy another type without the screen protector.
 Perfect . No complaints not a offbrand. The real otterbox. Perfect for my child I don't worry about her tearing up her device as much
 great price and phone call is clear and not muffled when on speaker
 Awesome for active husband....very durable &amp; well constructed. Very pleased.
 This is my third defender, one for each of the iPhones I owned.  Good grip and appears to be pretty solid. I have dropped phone from waist high level a couple of times on tiled over concrete floor with not marks.
 The screen protector works well and doesn’t take away the sensitivity from the touch screen. Great value for the product.
 Same otter box quality as other more expensive pieces. Very protective. Have dropped my phone quite a few times and luckily the case does it’s job.
 I got this case for my wife after ordering her the iPhone 7. She fell in love and was completely pleased with the case. It is very secure especially when it comes to the grip and if it ever falls out of her hands she knows her phone will be safe! I have previously ordered OtterBox products before and am overall pleased with all their products!
 very strong, highly recommended!<br/>i just got the iphone 7 and within few days the screen cracked, so i replaced it and had to get a strong case.<br/>this one is very durable and i like the blue color a lot.
 case fits well, better protection than commuter series, but now phone doesn't fit into the car carrier because the case is so large
 It has survived a clumsy 13 year old girl so I say thumbs up. It comes with the screen protector as well as a plastic case that snaps around the phone and a rubber case that goes over the plastic one. It can be a bit bulky, but it's way better than having to spend $200 for a new screen. It also comes with a cool belt clip if you're eager to look like a 1990's construction worker.
 it's a little bulky but my phone is safe from my bad habits because of the otterbox
 Great Product, great price, fast delivery
 A really good product. I hate teal, but it was the cheapest option for my work phone
 perfect fit, it protects my phone. I would purchase again if I ever need another one.
 After cracking the screen of an unprotected new phone, I researched the most rugged, cover I can use.  Four phones later, I've always chosen the Defender Series and have never bothered researching or considering other brands or models.
 Great product, expected quality from Otterbox. Little hard to install, but that is my older hands.
 Had one of these for my I4 and I6. Liked it a lot but Tried a different brand on my i8 and made it 3 was before I ordered another defender.  Superior at dust protection, but really needs a better screen protector. Thin plastic protector scratches easily, causing you to buy a whole new case just to get a new screen protector.
 Huge otter box fan.  Dropped on the second floor on accident and case held up fantastic kept the phone safe!!!!!
 Only case I will use on any phone I own!
 I have had this case since September of this year. It has protected my phone but the case is already broken and it’s peeling from the back. Also I got the Borealis color and it changed colors, I am a clean person and I have tried to clean it but it didn’t go back to it’s normal color.
 I only buy otterBox defender cases for my phone. They are VERY durable which is important for when my 3 young children are handling it (and my clumsy moments). I love the polka dots, colors are great!
 what needs to be said?  It's Otterbox.  I have this on all my phones.  It cost a little more but it is worth it for piece of mind.
 This is the second OtterBox that I have purchased.  The first one was for my iPhone 5 and this one is for my new iPhone 7.  They are very durable and help me hold on to my phone better.  The belt holder is great to use when I wear pants or a skirt without pockets.  I waited to purchase it until I found it on sale.  I HIGHLY recommend this product!
 Everything was great however, I needed it for the 8 plus and it wasn’t specified as to which I was given. Nonetheless it wasn’t a wasted purchase. Gave it to my sister who had a standard size phone.
 Purchased this less than a year ago and the belt clip broke last night when I sat down. Very disappointing since I sprung for the name brand and otherwise have had a good experience.
 I drop my phone everyday and it doesn't have any scratches or cracks with the case on. A it hard to open but makes sense for safety. It can get dirty and water sometimes sneaks into it when it raining and I have it in my pocket
 OtterBox Defender is a great way to protect your expensive device. I have used them for years. This one fits the iPhone 7 perfect.
 I love this case. I am a klutz and dropped my phone and originally went with the Lifeproof but it fell apart within a month so I switched to this. It's not as bulky as you would think it is, and it has great grippy sides with full functional ports/buttons. I wouldn't recommend trying to remove the plastic because that is kind of risky, and it doesn't have any effort needed for typing/pushing on the screen. Great built case for WAY cheap
 Daughter loves it! Will protect her iPhone 8 well! Will buy otter box again!
 Protects my phone. Not water proof (but I’ve not tested it) but does protect from spills and drops.
 there is a gap that you can't see between the phone and the cover making typing very challenging. I ended up getting a different case all together.
 Love otter box defender.  My husband and I both use them.. He has had an issue with holster breaking and the customer service is wonderful.  Wouldn't use anything else.
 Had one before so easy decision to reorder.
 It’s a solid case with the plastic and rubber protection, but if you work in a dusty  environment it’s terrible. I do property maintenance and when I cut lawns so much dirt gets under the phone. The finger print stops working and I have to constantly take it apart.
 Easy install.  Quick Delivery.  Had to take the plastic screen protector off because I had to push hard for the iPhone screen to react.  Otherwise, love the product.  I took the plastic screen protector off my previous case too.  Love the colors!
 Purchased this for my iPhone 8. Rating 4 stars because it doesn’t read my finger as well as the older models did. I have to press harder at times for it to register my finger on the screen.
 Works great. My daughter was using it to take pictures of fish at the beach
 You can’t go wrong with the tried and true Defender case. Got this for my daughter and I don’t worry about the treatment of the phone all the time.
 Bought a different case from different company, returned it immediately and bought the Otterbox. Never fails. Super durable, looks fresh, no scrapes at all, and does the job plus more! Worth every penny! Dropped my phone multiple times, Otterbox saves lives.
 I have used the Otterbox Defender for all my smart phones and have never damaged a phone. I am very hard on phones and cases and have had to replace the case only because of scratching the screen protector. It's a bit bulky, but that is why it works so well. This  is the best rough service case out there!
 Love it , covers everything and sturdy
 This case works much better on an iPhone7 than using a case designed for iPhone 6.<br/>You experience the stereo sound from the speakers with this case.<br/><br/>I will always try to buy an OtterBox Defender Series case for ANY phone I get.<br/>Once while driving down a country road near Warwick,NY, my iPhone5 fell out of the window of my bus while driving about 50 MPH.<br/>The case took all the impact. There was no damage to my iPhone. No screen damage or any other scratch on the phone.
 Love this case. Feel protected and stylish
 The Otterbox Defender is the perfect fit and protection for my iPhone.
 Such a great cover! As it is expected from OtterBox! I’ve had it for about 6 months and haven’t had any problems at all. I although, i ripped off the screen protector to place a tempered glass screen protector on my iPhone 7 instead. It fit perfecfly even with the different crystal under.
 I swear by these cases!  My 12 year-old son (aka. 'the destructor') can even 'take care' of his phone thanks to this case!.  After 2 years with his old phone in one of these cases,  it still looked like new.  Note:  this case is NOT water-tight.
 I took off the plastic face for my case and just used my own protective class since it’s harder to use the fingerprint access with the plastic covering. Other than that I recommend this product.i love the color and its sturdy and I tend to be really clumsy and drop my phone a lot so it’ll help to have the extra coverage
 Doesn't do much. Phone cracked w this on. Water constantly gets in and makes it difficult to use
 Great for holding  with a firm grip- could be a bit more touch screen sensitive
 Outside of product is sturdy, however, little bits of dust and particles, and even water tend to make their way through the top of the phone where the camera lens is
 Best phone cases.  If you drop your phone a lot like my wife, I can attest that we haven't seen a screen crack yet and we are on our 3rd defender.
 Indestructible. I’ve had 3 phones with this protective case and have dropped all of them on every surface you can fathom and all came out unscathed (all drops from 3-5 feet).  No cracked screens, no chipped edges, nothing to worry about. For the price you can’t beat the security this case offers.
 Works great! Second I've bought and now my phone is accident proof. I've dropped my phone a hundred times and never a crack.
 All my devices are in Otterbox cases. Tough, reliable and fit is always perfect. Samsung, Apple, doesn’t matter. The only thing they’re not is waterproof, which is fine, they don’t claim to be. The best protection for your devices comes from Otterbox.
 I have had this case for only  5 months and the outer layer of rubber has been lifting off! And the case always appears to be dirty and grimy.<br/>I accidentally got some lipstick on the rubber and it dyed the case within the first 3 days of owning it.<br/>I do not recommend this product!
 i drop my phone about 5x a day. never have had a cracked screen.
 Beautiful and strong case. Only downside is i had to take out the screen saver glued to it with a knife and blowdryer because i have a nice glass screen cover already.
 The camo print started rubbing off after 2 weeks and was completely gone after 2 months. Either I received a knockoff or OtterBox does not produce a quality product anymore!
 Real deal. Great protection. Was not as bulky as I expected. Super secure. You can decide if you want to use the belt clip or not— case still secure without it. A little getting use to the home button and top of screen (time area) were a little harder to touch with the case overlap. Overall, excellent buy.
 This is ok, however if there is a little dampness, it always ends up between the inside plastic and the phone.
 I took off the plastic screen cover because I use the glass ones and they don’t work together. The case its self is good quality.
 Bought for my daughter at her request. She has a baby who loves to chew on her phone and has ruined the case before...not this one! She loves it!
 My mom loved the style and the protection of it. Otterbox can be pretty bulky, but it depends on your liking. In terms of protection, it can't be beat.
 Great case until the white part starts turning yellow for no reason.
 Has done a good job of keeping phone protected from falls. Cute design
 Not as durable as the last Otterbox I bought and it seems to attract dirt like a magnet. Looks bad after less than a month.
 Ottoer box are good but you still want a screen protector with it
 The protective case is so thick it can’t register my touch on my phone. My fingers are so sore from trying to use my phone. I don’t believe this is a true otter box case. My precious authentic cases allowed you to type through. Don’t waste your money.
 I must have otter box cases.  Some don't care for the extra bulk, but I have become very accustomed to it.  I bought a slim fit case for the phone in the interim while I decided on a case and I didn't care for how the slimmer case fit in my hand.  My hands got a bit cramped.  Ha ha  It also made a weird click when I held it in portrait to text of select.  It would never be as protective as the defender case.  I like the belt clip too.  It is just as heavy duty as the case.<br/><br/>Because higher end phones cost so much, I must have a case that will protect it.  I drop my phone regularly and it always seems to happen on the tile floor.  I do remove the plastic shield and I add tech armor ballistic glass to protect the phone glass.
 Thumbprint wrinkled and won’t let me do one touch
 I had the same model and design for my iPhone 4 for the last 7 years, so when I upgraded recently to the iPhone 8 I figured I'd use the same product. I like it very much. It was a little difficult at first to separate the parts to get the phone inside, but it feels very sturdy and I have faith in the product from previous experience. I would say I I'll get another the next time I upgrade my phone.
 Super cute. I’ve had it a year now and some dirt and scratches but overall I love it.
 I love otter boxes. I’m clumsy and work in a factory setting but the otter box always keeps my phone safe.
 The OtterBox defender cases are awesome - I've dropped my phone and even got it wet and it still stays safe and dry.  The only thing that happens over time is the case either gets dirty, the screen gets scratched or the inner plastic case cracks, which took a long time to happen.  I Highly recommend this case.
 Hardly even have had it on and the camo has worn off making it white. Super disappointing!
 This is a really great case. It's super sturdy and fits my phone perfectly and I'm certain it will hold up against being dropped.
 Just had this just a little over a year and the bottom part and the top outside cover  are loose  and doesn’t close properly so dirt gets in there.  Kind of disappointed because I’ve always bought Otter because of the quality and this is the first time it didn’t work out. It looks like I am going to get another one to replace it
 I love the Otter Box Defender Series.  This is the third time we have used the defender series on our iPhones and I won't buy anything else.  They provide awesome protection.  I have not had to replace any of my phones because we dropped them (which unfortunately happens frequently).  They are bulkier than most cases but to have the peace of mind if it drops that it is protected - for me is worth a little bulk.
 Received my otter box case today and when I got it the box of the case was open all dirty and scratched and it also said assembled in China. I’ve ordered an otter box case in the past I compared the both and the one I got in the mail did not look like the real one. Color wasn’t what I wanted and felt very cheap. I would like to be sent a new one. Please contact me
 Love this case, it can be a bit large at times, but I know nothing can go wrong with my phone no matter how many times I drop it.
 This is my third OtterBox Defender Series case.  My phone take a lot of abuse and knock on would it hasn't broken yet
 Great product as always. OtterBox protects your phone like no other case. I have dropped my phone several times and have had absolutely no damage and I work on construction sites.
 When our business upgraded to IPhone 8's the fist thing I did was order a OtterBox. Had one for the old phone and after a number of drop did a great job protecting it.<br/><br/>It is worth the investment. New one fits perfect and anyone that has an IPhone 8 knows how slippery that glass back makes it. Feels super secure in the hand now.
 I love it. It’s cute, durable, and functional.
 I have bought a total of three cases in the last 3 years. I'm pretty rough with my phone so they tend to crack after a year of dropping it. I would definitely recommend this case because of its durability and the convenience of being able to clip it to your belt instead of putting it in your pocket.
 Easy to put together and very good at keeping phone safe.
 I bought it for my mom, she likes it but she cut off the flap over the charger port, she said it was hard to plug in late at night. She doesn't mind the flap over the do not disturb switch though, since she doesn't have to access that as often.
 I love it- don't have to worry about letting the grandkids use my phone anymore.
 Fits nicely, offers a lot of protection, and is a little easier to install than the otterboxes for some previous iPhones.
 My phone won’t be breaking anytime soon but the plastic cover on it makes it very hard to use the touch screen and I have to type very hard to get anything to register. Also there is no opening for the headphone jack.
 After using the case for several months it started to expand and not fit around the iPhone 7. I have purchased these directly from OtterBox for the iPhone 6 and didn't have this problem. Not happy.
 Best case. Wish I didn’t buy a different brand first. Should have stuck with my otter box.
 Very durable. Completely protects phone.
 If you’re anything like me and drop your phone all the time, this case is for you! The only small draw back is sound quality, my friends tell me that my voice is slightly muffled, but for me this is worth it knowing that my iPhone will be in great shape and protected for a long time.
 I like the durability and especially because of its size and bright color (I chose teal) I can easily find it in my dark purse.  The space to charge it is a bit tight, but works.  The home key, because I push it so much, has worn so much it is torn, but I don't really care about that.  Would purchase again.
 Perfect for the iPhone 8. Works great with the wireless chargers.
 Otterbox are armor, they just work. I didn't love the colors, but the options for this series is limited, and it's still the best cases around.
 Not a fan of the built in screen protector. Tons of dirt gets under it all the time.
 Great Case.  The fit is good and it protects very well.  Have already dropped my phone a couple of time with this Case on and phone is fine.  I would recommend.
 The box was very protective but it was almost impossible to use the touch screen due to the thick screen so I am not using it. I'm rather disappointed
 This color looks pretty, for only a short time, the starts to get dingy and dirty, especially around the edges. Cover also allows dust to come through.
 Unlike previous defender iPhone cases, the clear face protector is glued to the case.  I was able to peel it off but then I was left with a stick mess that took a half hour to clean up with acetone.  On older ones, it was neatly placed in the case with no messy glue and could be easily removed.  I wouldn't buy this case again.
 I only use Ottorbox but this one comes off know from the bottom. I have never had an Otterbox do this so very disappointed in this case.
 I have purchased many OtterBox iPhone cases for my husband. This one has not held up. The Realtree design on the back is waring off and fading. We've had other ones for many years that have been great. Not sure why this one is of different quality.
 Gave it away as a present.
 Just what I needed! I have a special gift of dropping my phone!  These covers have saved me over the years so when I bought a new phone... I had to get one... doesn't make the phone feel bulky either.
 Item stated it would come in original packaging- it did not. Item has hard/jagged pieces of someone's old screen protector stuck to it.
 I love OtterBox!! My last one lasted 4 years and my phone was in perfect condition especially since I tend to drop it a lot. This product came in great condition, love the sleek look!!<br/>Con: the plastic does not lay flat against my screen like it should, so I have to press hard and type slower. My other otterbox never did this, so I am unhappy about the fact I will have to pop out the plastic and go buy a screen protector.
 Very strong case that will protect your phone! The plastic hard shell is very durable, though the rubber part that covers it has bubbled up and ripped around the logo (completely intact everywhere else) Otterbox has good warrenty though, so this is a very good investment if you are clumsy or worried about breaking an expensive device!
 No matter what this is the case that always work best for me, a hand full mom with small kids that drop on the floor countless time.  Yes the touch screen will be better if I peel off the plastic water proof and replace with the glass screen protection.  If you want to.
 Everything went as expected
 I work in some pretty harsh conditions and hunt them too.  The amount of times I’ve dropped my phone or left it places it shouldn’t have is ridiculous.  This case has probably saved me fro haveing to buy about a dozen new phones.
 Color was less then desirable but the price was on point!
 I will never go back to any other phone case for my phones. These have held up through everything (water, rain, dropping, kids, etc. ). Worth every cent.
 I really like the OtterBox Defenders. This is my second one. I had a problem with the first one, too, but it was replaced with no hassle. Anyway, I probably ruined the warranty. The one drawback on the OtterBox units is the screen protector on the case. I took it off the last one and this one, too. The plastic film makes the touch screen on the iPhone difficult to use and hard to get the fingerprint reader to work. So, I just removed it. The protector leaves a lot of stick'um behind, so you need some Goop or something like that to clean it off. Once you take that out, the case is great.<br/><br/>Even with this one issue, I give it five stars. They could improve it by making the screen protector something that can be more easily removed.
 I bought this for my Mother, she loved it. Didn’t complain and I’m happy. All is right with the Universe..
 Definitely the best phone case I've ever purchased. My last otterbox was like 4 times the price and not as efficient? You cannot beat this price either.
 Fit the phone great
 Works as advertised
 Love this brand, great product and quality!
 All black iPhone 8 otter box case!
 My daughter broke two phones and this was her last phone!  This case is great because she still has her phone without any cracks!  Excellent phone protector!
 Love this case. Extremely durable. My boyfriend has it who constantly works outside. And this case is constantly protecting his phone
 Oh my God I love this case and it came so fast amazing
 The hard plastic case part snapped after a little while of use and I’m not sure why. It wasn’t dropped or anything just randomly snapped.
 This case is a great way to protect your phone.
 My husband and I love Otterboxes
 Love my Otter box cases.  I've had one for every phone I've owned.  Sure has saved my phones from many a fall.  Everyone needs one.
 The film over the home button does not consistently allow the fingerprint to be read. Quite annoying, especially for the price.<br/>After getting one directly from otterbox, this one appears to be a fake. The fit and functionality are much better with the real product.
 The Otterbox Defender series does it again! Looks the same as previous models, slides in and out of pockets and protects the phone all around including the screen. Comes with a belt clip, which I don’t use too much but I’ve got it if I need it.
 The way the iPhone 8 fits leaves a sliver of screen on the right side of the screen hidden, but otherwise I am very happy with it.
 durable case providing great protection for phone
 Outterbox isn’t what it use to be. This is the cheapest feeling outterbox I have ever had. Plus within a month the camo is rubbing off.
 Great case!  Pretty color.
 Perfect fit.  Looks nice.  Had with previous phone and protected it even after I dropped it numerous times
 The case is so bulky it gets in the way of typing. It's heavy and isn't as slim as it appears in the photos. I tried to make it work but found the case irritating. I considered keeping it for when I am camping but the fact that it isn't waterproof ruined that idea. Not sure why anyone would make such a bulky case and not make it waterproof.
 I purchased this case for my niece for her new iPhone 8. She loves the color and is quite happy with the case!
 I work in a concrete pipe plant and drop my phone often into all kinds of messes. This case has done it's job very well, even though it's not completely waterproof. The only issue I have is that the rubber outside has gotten a little loose from putting it in my pocket frequently.
 Wonderful case and amazing prices. Quick delivery and efficient. Love it when my Amazon orders are exactly as they are listed.
 The Otterbox case is excellent.  My granddaughter has destroyed several phones by dropping them.  She has dropped her new phone several times with the Otterbox on it and it was not damaged.<br/><br/>I recommend this case for eceryone.
 It works perfect
 My iPhone very durable and protective!  Just as advertised!
 Had one of these for my old phone. Great case.
 Rugged and cool
 My second otter box and not disappointed. I love it, my phone is save. Durable, quality plastic, thank you otter box!!
 so nice and great a deal a coworker took it and havent seen it since
 My voice is muffled when I try to talk with phone in the case.  I think this case is actually a defect.
 This case protects your phone very well. It also looks very good… at first… Eventually every little thing will somehow get into the case which you can NOT get out! So all that mess builds up and will be seen from outside of the case. It starts to look nasty and there’s nothing you can do about it. Will last about 3 months before needing to be replaced.
 It got dirty so fast and could not be washed clean. It looks like I work at a construction zone and I have a desk job. It must be the material it is made from.  Don't get the teal color!
 I love this color! But, over a little time, it does show dirt and smudges, and the material is hard to clean.
 This is a great Otto , luv it<br/>L
 For iPhone 7 Is perfect
 A+ love my new iPhone outterbox Thank you really appreciate it.
 Very pretty and sturdy. Came just as described!
 The husband loves OtterBox products for his phone and this one is a really nice blue and the price was super good!
 Excellent quality case will protect phone against drops and dings. Substantially lower price than phone store.
 Used it in the pool once and I had water in my headphone jack.
 Great product,  as always when you purchase otter box. There is a screen protector I didn’t realize when I ordered, it’s a nice plus but I replaced it with tempered glass. Just personal preference.
 Great Product
 after couple of months Use, my phone has accidentally fell on the floor and a small piece of plastic broke from the case.<br/>Still looks good to use the case.<br/>But as mentioned its not 100 % drop proof.
 Great product but the lightning plug is harder to get to with this new case and iPhone 7.  Hard to access sides of screen for certain applications.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R1JZL736WPX9T2"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1ooqzRlCTS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/714+0I62BES.png"/> As you can see the screen cover is poor quality and doesn’t touch the iPhone
 A "must have" addition to the iPhone 7, which without the OtterBox case was so slippery that I was continuously afraid I would drop it. The case was delivered quickly and it was very easy to install the phone. I was pleased with the OtterBox case I had for my iPhone 5, but the new Defender case is even better, and a good value for the price.
 Good product
 Had life proof case before. Actually bought a second one and still same problem. People could not hear me with it on. So I took out of case and dropped phone. Broke the screen! So I guess you could call that worthless, if you can use phone with it on. This otter box defender is great. No complaints. And not as expensive. Priced great.
 Great product &amp; easy install
 Bought this for my new IPhone 7. It is very easy to put together.  It is very big but for the amount of protection it give my phone, it's worth it. You will get a little dust and dirt under the screen and have to clean it out every once in a while.
 These cases are great. They protect your iPhone very well I’ve had 3 of these cases over the years and have never had a broken phone. And I drop it a lot.
 This case has been and will continue to protect my work phone from damage. I have already closed my work van sliding door on this phone in the case. Kinda sucks that this happened, but the case only suffered a slight crack and the screen has a very small blue spot on it. I have dropped this phone in the case so much from standing height and on an eight foot ladder, but have not tested higher than that. This case also helps keep out dust pretty well, but I doubt it will keep water out. Aw well, it was not designed to keep water out and I knew that when I bought this case. Nice thing about this case is the phone will go in the belt holster two ways rather than one like most other Otterbox cases do. Kinda lame for my other phone but pretty handy. I can say without a doubt, Otterbox cases have been my go to when they are available for a particular model and have affected my choice of phone. If I cannot get an Otterbox for a phone, I do not get the phone. That should tell you to just get one. The are damn good cases, but they are NOT invincible. You can break it if you really want to or if you are a very talented dumb monkey. Anyway, enjoy your case  cause I know I do.
 This is excellent for many phones.
 Otterboxes are the best for cell phone protection.  I would never take my phone anywhere without one.
 Just what you see
 iPhones are expensive.  An OtterBox is the best insurance you can buy to protect your phone.
 It definitely works. I’ve dropped my phone a few times and it’s still intact. Pretty color too, and I love the clip part.
 Always have great success with ottorbox. Also have one on my IPad
 Would give the OtterBox case 5 stars for protection, but the case looks disturbingly dirty no matter how I try to clean it, so I can't rate it higher than 1. Really disappointed for that reason.  Started to look dirty after just a few days of use. Maybe a darker color would have been a better bet, but I loved the lighter color in the picture.
 Excellent case, great protection, colors true to picture. Otter box remains the only reason my phone screens haven’t cracked after multiple drops per day onto an array of surface types. Will continue to use as long as they’re available.
 Great protection but difficult to access charging port...makes it tight to plug charger in.
 My phone lives and dies by otter box. Drop it down five flights of stairs no cracked or anything else.
 This the first OTB Defender case I’ve had that the screen protector does not lay flat. It makes texting and picking points a pain on my iPhone 8. Very maddening.
 Just what I was looking for.  It is bulky but I knew this before the purchase.  I have dropped my phone more times than I can count and there is no damage with this case.
 Perfect fit. Won’t go without an otter box. And a lot cheaper than the cellular store.
 Quality item as usual from otter box.
 Disappointed with this case. Had to upgrade to the iPhone 7 from my 5.  The case for the 5 was much better. The edges don't stay down especially near the charger plug. Will be looking to replace with a life proof case.
 Works well
 I ordered two diff cases for an Iphone 8 and one came and was correctly made for an Iphone 8 and this one specifically says its for an Iphone 7. B/C the dimensions are slightly different the plastic piece in the case isn't flush against the screen so it doesn't work well when you're trying to use the screen to scroll or type. Returning.
 Love the otterbox. Had one on my last two iPhones and the phones looked like new after a couple of years of construction work.
 These are great phone protectors.
 The plastic around the case cracks easily. The plastic on the front is difficult for the phone to sensor your touch.
 Product is well made, very prompt delivery
 Although this case was protective, I wasn't happy with it because I had a very difficult time typing all of the letters and symbols that were along the edges of the phone. The case was too bulky so I had trouble hitting the letters. I prefer the lifeproof case and wish I was able to return this. I would not recommend.
 Did not fit &amp; crack
 Not happy with this case. I already have a glass cover on the screen. There is a plastic one on this case that does not fit snug against the screen. So I have to tap extra hard, especially towards the edge of the screen.<br/>The customer service was fine. Shipment was made quickly. I just don’t like the product. Will need to replace it.
 This thing has held up to my abuse for months now.  Good product.
 Ordered for a friend, they are happy with it.
 Solid case for shock absorbing. However, there is a significant gap between the plastic screen and the surface of my iPhone 8. It makes the touch screen difficult to use. You have to push down hard.  I'm going to have to pull the plastic cover off and buy a tempered glass screen.
 Has protected my phone well.  This is my second one  on my phone
 Fantastic case. Had one for my previous phone  that I had for five years and never had any damage to my phone. This one is just as good.
 Buena calidad
 Fits perfectly with my iphone 8. Just replaced my otterbox case. Only difference is this one has no padding on the inside case where the back of your phone lays as where my other case did. Still satisfied. It is very snug and light.
 So happy to have found an otterbox on amazon. It came promptly and the colors are just as expected from the picture. As someone who has smashed at least 3 IPhones, this case has proven to protect my phone
 Does the job of protecting. But not water resistance.
 I purchased one of these from my iPhone 5s , 2.5 years later and countless times of dropping my phone it's still intacted!
 Came fast and exactly as described
 The otter box is outstanding in its ability to protect your phone from cracks and breakage. Great color choice and price.
 Great case that suffers abuse from wife and two kids constantly.  A little bulky, but you get the protection you need.
 Ordered it for my boyfriend, who has been through over 20 phones in the 4 years we’ve known each other, and it’s worked amazingly so far! He still drops his phone all the time and it’s completely fine! He did have to take the glass screen protector off so his phone pick up his finger.
 Great product! I've gotten several now and keep giving them away to my brother who is less responsible...
 Easy to install. Half the price of local retailers. Provides great protection with out being overly burdensome or large.
 This is the only way to go! I don’t know why I didn’t buy one of these when I first got my phone.
 works great
 Purchased for my bf as he keeps breaking his phones. Works very well, nice and durable. He even threw it at the wall and phone was unscathed lol.
 Se adapta muy bien al celular y es maniobrable para llevarlo en el cinturón, muy recomendado.
 Good
 Great colors and great price!
 Keep your iPhone safe! Use this otterbox
 As long as you prefer protection overall features. Otterbox is the best for the Defender Series!
 :)
 my construction guys love these cases, super durable, help protect the screen on job sites. and this price is really amazing
 Great product! Protects phone great and is very pretty!
 Don’t like the color not the same as what is pictured. The case seems cheap.
 It’s definitely lives up to the otter protector  reputation but after a while it stretches out and becomes discolored. But if you’re clumsy like me you’re always glad you have an otterbox.
 Official Otterbox- perfect. I have always purchased otterbox for all my phones- I've never once had a shattered screen or any damages- and I drop my phone a LOT! Otterbox is solid!
 Ordered for work
 Great price and great product, these have a lifetime warranty as well which is awesome.
 What an EXCELLENT deal on a great case for the iPhone 7!  I used this similar case on my iPhone 6 and never had an issue.  Definitely recommend!
 I’m happy with my new otter box. I love the color I got. It seems very durable too.
 i love the otter case. a big plus for your kids phone. less to worry about when having a otter box case
 Good phone protection for the kid.<br/>Generally a great product but a bit pricy but worth it
 I have a disc golf bag that does not have a rainfly and my phone tends to get wet in the outside pocket.
 For safety on your phone, this is where it’s at, for texting it stinks, you have to mash your screen.
 Pricier than other cases but worth it.  My daughter keeps dropping her phones and cracks the fence screen.  She broke 2 iPhones.  I finally said if you want a new phone, you will use the case I choose.  She still drops her phone but the phone is ok.
 I've had pink real tree Otterboxes for every phone I've owned and I have yet to see someone else with the same phone case. Minimal dirt and water intrusion is the best part
 I Love my iPhone case, It protects my iPhone from Breaking even when I drop it, worth 5 Stars!
 Great product except for the screen protector. Makes it hard for the phone to acknowledge to warmth of the finger. But fits and protects well
 I’ve had this on my phone for over a year and my phone looks like new even after being dropped countless times by my kids. That’s worth a little extra bulkiness to me.
 Buy the Otter Box!  I had the cheep knock off and they do not work with all the buttons. The home key cover wears right out. The Otter Box unit has yet to show any wear.
 Perfect and durable !
 Very pretty, sturdy, nice feel in my hand. Heavy enough but not too heavy. I feel certain my phone is protected should I drop it. Price very reasonable.
 Love the Defender Series of Otterbox. Like most cases and abuse overtime, there is little damage here and there from wear and tear, but this is by far the most withstanding case I have ever owned. I've used it on multiple devices in the past and just bought it for my new iPhone 7
 Nice case for my teenager. Nice colors and good price.
 Good case
 I owned my other Otter Box Case for 2 years and finally I had beat and bruised it enough that it was time for another one. My phone has never cracked or gotten damage from being inside an Otter Box case!
 Excellent Purchase! It keeps my phone well protected from my clumsy mishaps... I love the colors and it isn’t too bulky!
 his back is peeling off
 Works fine and I’ve dropped it several times and didn’t break anything
 Love this case. I take the built in cover out by heating it with a blow dryer and peeling it off, then use my own screen protecter.
 Waited about 2 months to write this to make sure the review is honest. My dad is king of phone dropping. But this OtterBox is a life saver!
 We have bought the OtterBox Defender series Cases for other phones and have always been pleased with the durable case.
 Good product. Lasts long. Good purchase.
 It is a great protection of my iPhone in my daily activities.
 Any other case I try- I use it for awhile then I always go back to the defender.
 So far so good.  I would rather rate the longevity of something like this.  I am fairly rough with phones which is why I got this case.  It still allows a bit of grit into it and some water, but I also had my pocket open while sledding.  To get the grit and water out I opened the case and let dry.  Things are working great still.
 Otterbox life saver
 Great case, once I figured out the instructions!
 Great product
 This is the second Otter Box I've gotten for my iPhone. For some reason the price doubled since I got the first one right after I purchased the phone. This product does it's job very well, I'm had several.
 I've owned several of these cases. I am in construction and painting so my phone case takes a beating. My new iPhone 7 was run over on a major highway more than once and the case was smashed but the phone was perfect. It's the only case I will order.
 The phone is so weak... to bad apple can not build a phone that needs less protection or better no protection.
 I’ve used the Otter Box Defender since I started using iPhones. My first iPhone was the 5C and I immediately purchased the Defender for it. The case only just started to show significant signs of wear towards the end of my using it. I had them for over 4 years and it held up like a pro!
 The cover interferes with my bio login on the phone and is quite bulky. However, it definitely keeps the phone safe from the wrath of my one year old.
 attractive case that works well. Does not appear to be a knock off. Arrived fast.
 I tried other cases for my new iphone 8 and this is the only that works flawlessly.  Not sexy but I need something that will protect my expensive phone and allow people to hear me when I call.
 Love it! I have a bad habit of dropping my phone &amp; this case takes it, it’s pretty too
 Great price.  Always LOVE Otterbox.  The product lasts as long as my phone and longer!
 Put it on my brand new Iphone, a month and half later removed it and my phone has scratches all over the screen on the edges, destroyed my iphone! I would stay away from all OtterBox products, Lookup customer reviews about their cases causing scratches!
 Great product and very durable!  Fits the IPHONE 7 perfectly!
 I accidentally left my phone (in this OtterBox and attached to the holster) on top of my car one morning. My phone tumbled across the top of my car and bounced along the highway at about 50 MPH. I thought my phone was going to be a goner, but it was completely unscathed. The case and the holster took some light damage but that's it. I'm an OtterBox customer for life now.
 My entire family uses this phone case, love it.
 Loved the color of this case, however the screen protector had a gap and made it terribly hard to use! Sent back and purchased from Otterbox direct.
 For my grandson. He has dropped it many times with no cracks or breakage
 Looks just like the picture and feels durable just like the otter box advertises. Bold colors and beautiful Camo pattern. Fits my iPhone 8 perfectly. I am definitely satisfied.
 A solid good piece of equipment at half the cost I was expecting from previous Otter Box purchases. Make sure you know the cradle can also function as a stand! Someone had to point it out to me.
 Excellent. Dropped my iPhone 7 many times, and this has saved the day every time.
 Got as gift for niece and she loved it.  Color is very pretty
 Exactly what I expected and perfect for my needs
 I had this case on my iPhone 6 when I dropped it in a parking lot.  It bounced and rolled.  My phone did not even crack!  This case is worth every penny!
 This is not dust proof as advertised. After a year of use, the outer cover loosened up and dust started going in and settle between inner cover and phone. Every week, I have to open up the cover and clean the dust. I am living in sunny Florida, I guess the outer shell loosened up due to Florida heat. Apparently, this product is not built for the hot and humid conditions here.
 The only way to go
 Arrived earlier than promised. Excellent protection of the iPhone
 Same quality for a better price!
 Otter Box Defender is the perfect solution to protect your expensive phone from dropping on a hard surface, bumps, sliding across table surfaces, etc.
 Not Disappointed! I have never been disappointed by an OtterBox product. This case fits well and and does what it was designed to do. I bought it for my 17 year old daughter. She drops it down the stairs at least twice a week - and there has been no damage to her phone.
 Love it really protects your phone. Love the colors it comes in. What’s not to love ?
 Husband loves the colors and said it is well made. His co-workers like it too.
 Love this case.<br/>Not much else to say. It’s not too big, but it protects my phone. It’s gotten dropped and wet- multiple times- and it’s still perfectly fine !
 I really like Otterbox Defender case and I have had this for other phones and always was satisfied. This one is the exception, the screen protector doesn't work as I expected, making hard to use the screen. It's a great case but this issue makes me be disappointed with the brand.
 Best Cell phone case Ive ever owned. Nothing compares to the durability.
 Without this I would be purchasing new phones for my daughter on a monthly basis
 Not a good fit
 the plastic case near the home button broke after only a few months. i've always had otter boxes and they've been great. disappointed this one busted on me.
 Hubby happy. Nuff said.
 Great case, protects very well
 Fits my iPhone 6 perfectly
 These are by far my favorite most reliable phone cases. I would recommend this product.
 Me and my husband are nurses and work tough jobs in ER and ICU. Needless to say, we're constantly running and this case has stood the test for him. The hip clip is great. He just loves it.
 Product as described
 Never have broken a phone when it was in one of these cases.  Highly recommend
 Perfect
 A+
 Love otter box
 You get what you pay for. It is on the cheaper end so the screen of the case gets white spots and smudges, but the durability of the case does not fail. I cant tell you how many times my phone has fallen and never has it cracked. The only reason it gets a 4 star is because of the screen.
 A little bulky and rain gets in it sometimes but the phones been safe when dropped
 I love this case. Very durable and looks great.
 This is my second one-new phone new otter box!<br/>When trading in my old phone they said it looked brand new!
 Bought it for Parent. She loves it. really nice protective equipment. no issues. no complaint.
 Love the new purple shades Otter Box is finally using!!! Sleeker than past otter box cases. Definitely more similar to a LifeProof, but without covering the mic so people can hear me on speaker and FaceTime! Love it! 💜
 I have had an OtterBox Defender case for all of my smartphones. I work off of ladders and scissor lifts a lot at work, I dropped my phone about 25 feet and was amazed that there wasn't a thing wrong with it thanks to my OtterBox!
 So far so good. Purchased for my husband who works construction.
 Too many air bubbles. No matter how I try to finess my way on. Still durable thought. I wear it on my gun belt all the time.
 This is a replacement case for one that was 3 years old.  Buying it through Amazon was half the price, so happy!
 Ordered a Defender case and was sent a front facing light case. No knock on the case, it was just not what I had purchased.
 This case fit perfectly and I saved a load of money by not purchasing it at the cellular store!
 My wife and I both use these cases. I regularly manage to throw my phone to the ground, and nothing bad has happened to it yet.
 Great product, all Otterbox phone cases are just great!
 Bought this for my boyfriend and it protects his phone very well.
 Dobt buy
 due to this color, it getting dirty in the back of the case.  probably select other dark color to avoid this situation.
 Ordered for work
 I bought this case for my 11 yr old for her first phone and it has held up to her bull in a china closet ways.
 Seems to give good drop protection. A little on the heavy side, but I wanted the extra protection.  It would be even better. if it can with a glass face.
 The built in screen cover disables the fingerprint unlock and the back "skin" of the case began peeling off. I would not purchase this case again
 Every now and then thorough cleaning is needed because a lot of dirt can accumulate in between the separable parts. The flap of the charger socket puts pressure on the charger wire and I think after a while might wear it off. The outer casing is getting loose after a year.
 Protects against every solid drop. If you want to avoid having a cracked or scratched phone during your 2 year phone contract then just get a decent Otter Box
 Good case. Holds up decently. Although kind of disappointed that the plastic portion that goes around the phone is breaking off and its not even a year old.
 I am so disappointed in this otterbox. After 2 weeks of having the case it looks dirty and discolored.  I am a loyal otterbox customer.  My last case for the I phone 6 lasted 2 years with no issues.  This is not the same quality as the cases before.  I will not be buying another otterbox.  $50 is a lot to spend on a dirty case.
 Excellent case, just didnt like the plastic covering the screen and the touch id, so I just ripped it off.
 Water does get it so make sure to take it apart and wipe it out quickly. I’ve dropped my phone two serious times with this case and nothing has happened and I love the color❤️
 Fits my iPhone 8 and it even charges wirelessly.
 Love the colors but didn’t seem to quite fit my iPhone 8 right. I switched back to my old case after a few weeks.
 Great durable genuine case for more than half the price off only amazon had this deal.
 We have purchased several OtterBox Defenders and basically like them.<br/>However, my daughter's case and my daughter-in-law's case did not save their<br/>phones from breaking, and unfortunately the warranty only covers the case, not the phone.
 I have had many otter box phone cases, this is my third in the defender series. I have to say that I am quite disappointed with this latest model in that the front aperture lets in small particles of dirt which gets in between the cover and the screen and I have to constantly take my phone out to clean it. Otherwise, the case is excellent. I think otter box cases are the best.
 I was worried it wouldn't fit my phone but it does! I have the iPhone 8, I've dropped my phone more than a couple of times and it is perfectly fine. I just wish these cases came in more colors and different patterns, because literally everyone around me has this phone case and I don't want to pick up someone else's phone.
 I love the pattern.  Otterbox needs to get cuter designs for us girly-girls who tend to be clumsy, dropping their phones somewhat frequently.
 Love the color and I like Otter Box but I received this case on December 7th and already it is dirty and old and worn looking.  I did try to clean it with mild soap and warm water but to no avail.  I am really disappointed.
 As expected.
 Love this case! Very durable (as all the otter boxes I have owned have been). As well as very stylish!
 Only case that really protected any phone I ever had
 Case works exactly as advertised but has grayed on the edges from being kept in pocket of my black uniform pants
 The only problem with this case is that the case is loose now! the rubber casing that goes over the hard shell plastic case is very loose.. BUT its still a very good case and has totally protected my phone. so 4/5 stars!
 Great product but we removed the clear plastic from front as the phone touch screen isn't responsive with it
 This case is great!! I'm so happy with my purchase! It is kind of bulky but that's what's expected from a case that actually protects your phone. It comes with a screen protector attached to the case, so I didn't need to put an extra screen protector on my phone. I like the color too!
 Love this case. Perfect for my kid who drops her phone all the time. Fits perfect.
 Finally Otterbox made a case that can fit the Amazon Apple Certified Cables. I still get the same protection of a defender case as before along with the use of Amazon cables
 Love this case and love the color
 What happened otterbox? iPhone 7 does not fit secure and snug inside case.  Rattles around inside plastic... completely ruined the appearance of my phone when I took off the case..
 Shipped fast and worked great
 Very durable case BUT screen protector attracts dust and dirt way too much.  Disappointed to say the least
 This is my fourth Otterbox case and like the other three it is exactly what I expected. Rugged, able to withstand being dropped and the belt clip doubles as a handy stand. The case is not waterproof. This is the real deal!
 Great! I've dropped my phone a few times and all is ok.
 would buy again, and again,
 Nice new case for my phone product as described
 Great case to protect my iPhone but the design of the case impedes the use of the fingerprint reader. I usually have to code in rather than use my fingerprint. This often requires me to use a long password for financial actions (amazon purchases for example) that would normally only need a fingerprint.
 Good product for the price
 Great product
 Otterbox Defender has saved my phone MANY times.  I drop it way too often.
 What I like about this case is the fact that it’s very durable. I have dropped my phone a couple of times in this case and I felt very confident that the case protects my phone. The only problem I have is if rain gets on my screen it likes to get behind the screen protector as well as dirt but I clean my phone off regularly so it’s not a huge problem.
 Provides needed protection for  a $700 phone.  The tab that opens to plug in lightning cord seems a little flimsy - like maybe it will not last.  Time will tell.
 I did the next day shipping , it came exactly as it was told, I got my money’s worth! And the packaging was great and love the case! Great buy!
 You can drop it from a mountain top. This thing is great.
 I always get OtterBox cases for my phones, and they do their job well, but after about 4 months of using it the rubber casing starts to warp and leaves gaps around the bottom edges.
 I feel very disappointed on this product I took out my phone of this case and phone is completely broken from the back I just can’t come up with a explanation of how could this had happened if my phone has been in this case seance I bout it so please I need answers
 Excellent product as expected
 you can't beat otter boxes for quality
 Buena compra súper protegido queda un poco más dura la pantalla al tacto
 Had similar case for smaller phone, so was not disappointed in the product. I knew what I was getting with no surprises.
 Looks great!!!
 This fits perfectly and works great! I love OtterBox!
 Bought this for my 12 year old.  Works perfect
 Awesome Protection
 While the case itself is sturdy and durable, I have only had it for about 2-3 weeks, and it is already completely discolored (with a purple-ish red tint).  I definitely would not buy this case in anything other than black again.
 This case has stretched out on the corners with very minimal removal of the case and on the back, a layer of the circle around the apple on my phone is peeling away. I've never had issues before with an otterbox after using several over the years.It's disappointing and I would appreciate a refund or reply at the least.
 Damaged out of box<br/>Amazon box was no damaged. Otterbox box was not damaged
 Protects my phone very well but gets dirty easily.
 It's perfect!!! The pink really compliments the rose gold!!! I also was thrilled with the frustration free packaging!!! I just opens the bad and there was my case in a plastic bag!!! All I had to do was put it on!!! It fits perfectly!! Can't say enough good things about it!! I am also very happy about the warranty!! I'm sure this case will last me for a lon time!!!
 Exactly what I expected from Otterbox!
 great product and got a great price
 otter box defender case is the best to protect your phone.. it's bulky but does the job..
 Otterbox Defender continues to be the standard for protective cases.  I have seen others, but they do not stand up to the Defenders overall quality.
 The otter box is durable but the plastic that covers the screen bubbles up and it is hard to text on it. You have to hit buttons hard to get them to take. Bought 2 of them and the both do the same thing. I have had other otter boxes for other phones and never had this issue.
 Item arrived on time and works great!
 Already dropped my phone several times landing face down. The case has protected it perfectly.
 Great protective phone cases. Keep your phone looking new and does a great job protecting your phone if you drop it.
 Love it kind of makes my phone hot
 Please note that the inside pink layer is "pepto bismol" pink &amp; very annoying &amp; a very wide layer that I returned for a darker thin layer.
 Great case, but is a little bulkier than I expected. For as much protection as it gives, it’s something that you can get use to.
 This is the second defender that I have had, first one was for a 5S, this one is for iPhone 8. both are excellent products. I like the protection, it is a little bulky due to the protection but if you use the belt clip (included) then there is no issue.
 it is very clean looking and colorful! Easy to locate when lost lol
 Exactly what I wanted!
 Enjoying the new color to my phone. Perfect fit for the iPhone 7. Will be looking into getting another one for sure to mix up my colors.
 Good product, same issue as all otter box with the rubber material breaking off and easily getting dirty with dark marks.
 I love this Otter Box iPhone case. It save my phone when I spilt my cup of coffee all over my phone. I was panicing and then my friend reminded me that my phone case was an otter box and it would be fine! She was right after I wiped off my phone it was fine.
 Very heavy duty.  Dropped out of treestand with no problems with phone.
 I love the material of this otterbox! It's nicer &amp; feels sturdier than previous defender styles. The case fits great and I love the color.
 Love Otterbox! Durable and stylish. I highly recommend getting one. Been using Otterbox for years.
 Arrived earlier than scheduled.  Just like previously owned Otterbox cases this one is also durable and completely covers my phone. Just hate the case is soooo thick and doesn’t fit comfortably in my pocket.
 Love the defender series. I need to buy one for my iPad! You can trust it will handle anything you throw your phone at
 This case has protected my phone from so many drops. It's a little bulky but I knew that it would be when I bought it. It's a great case for anyone that wants to save they're phone from any kind of drop.
 I have a tendency of dropping my phone.  I have never had a cracked screen because of the otter box defender series cases
 Otter boxes used to be bulletproof and seal better. Finding that I’m having to clear debris and clean a lot more often....ugh.
 Son very happy with this. Great protection.
 Definitely worth it! My phone has fell several times since I bought it but, this case has protected it. Will definitely buy again! If you are looking for a good phone case this is the one you should get!!
 The case is not as pictured. Slipcover and shell case are the same color. Shell case is supposed to be darker. My husband is not happy with it but too much trouble to return. We will order from manufacturer next time.
 Good product
 It was just as I expected and works fine.
 Great product but it’s hard to text or do anything with the screen. The plastic film makes it hard to type or do anything. Not impressed.
 Got this case for my mom. She is notorious for dropping her phone and cracking screens. So far so good after putting this case on! It's survived sliding off the roof of her car and hitting the pavement.
 Fit is good, protection is good, not too bulky.  I’d buy again
 this was a gift for a friend, so far, she is enjoying her Otterbox case on her iPhone 8
 Durable to last. I’ve dropped my iPhone many times and I’ve had no issues.
 Very pleased, product is over and above my expectations. Packaged nicely. Shipping took longer than I wanted, but it was within the time promised. I'm just impatient! ;) but it was worth my wait!!! Thank you so much for my new case!
 I am VERY disappointed with this case I haven’t even had it a month and the fingerprint cover area is coming off and won’t let me scan my prints. The way this particular case is made looks very bad like a crappy knock off. I will not be buying again.
 Didn’t last very long. I dropped my phone on concrete and the case broke
 I was told by Verizon rep my iPhone 6s case would fit an iPhone 7. Wrong. After I upgraded phone I had to purchase new case. This is at least 10 Otterboxes I've purchased for iPads &amp; iPhones. This one fits looser than any other I've bought.
 I would give it a 5 because I love Otterbox, but the fit is not perfect, it’s adecuate. The screen protector fits loosely on the phone and I have to press hard for my phone to respond. The problem with that is, that my iPhone 8 thinks I want to use force touch and it is very unresponsive. Overall, it protects my iPhone 8, but it lacks in user friendliness.
 Love OtterBox. Great quality, price is worth paying to keep your $1000 phone safe lol
 Iphone touch sensitive is very poor after installing this product. I hear tap sound while typing. Have to press hard on keyboard. Planning to return or remov screen protector
 The outer soft plastic seems to get loose too quickly but they have free exchange within 1 yr so yeah
 Otterbox at it's finest
 I love this case!  Every time I get a new phone, I get an Otterbox.  I wouldn't buy anything else. I have dropped my phone and its totally protected!!
 Extremely cheap quality. Already showing wear and tear
 Great case it fit perfect very durable
 Good product
 I like this phone case a lot! It is very good quality and is the best phone case I have ever had! It is NOT easy to assemble but you will get it eventually
 So I heard great things about this product so I went and purchased it in July. The outside started peeling after only a few months! I would expect this from maybe  a $10 case but in reality this case is just way to expensive to be peeling already!
 Great case, my son loved it!
 So far so good
 only use otter
 only use otter
 Solid case
 I have dropped my phone a dozen times and it is still intact! No broken screen!
 Best otter box everrrr!
 Protects my iPhone perfectly - a little bulky after having a lifeproof but my phone broke in a lifeproof case after only a few days - had the phone replaced but this case has been dropped multiple times (im clumsy) and has held up great!
 No problems.  price was great and product was delivered quickly.
 Durable but the front screen is not flat/flush...like a little air space.
 The item was exactly as described and in excellent condition.  Very pleased with this purchase.
 The home touch section of my case is now ripped in pieces after only a couple weeks of using. When my case arrived it seemed very weak and had minor lines which looked like cut places over the home screen button and now it is completely tore open.
 This was purchased to protect an Iphone 8.  Unfortunately the phone slipped out of hand and dropped to the pavement.  The phone landed on a corner and jostled the phone in a way that the screen was ruined..  Very disappointed that I bought what I thought was a protective case and now have a broken phone.
 The size is okay<br/>However, there is a space between the plastic screen protector and the touch screen which is making it very difficult to use.<br/>You have to press very hard on the screen.<br/>How can I have this problem solve?<br/><br/>Michele<br/>Please note I am using the case on an iPhone 8
 Safety and security.
 Don’t leave home without it  Great belt clip
 5 months in and the hard plastic case has a piece  broken off near the on buttons and the clear plastic near the home button is peeling
 As expected
 Super protective case
 Otter box defender series never lets me down. this is my 4 defender for 4 different phones. Cant beat the price!
 i love that this came with a belt clip that can be used in different configurations, very protective covering, rugged, Im very impressed
 No better case as far as drop protection goes and for a fair price. This is actually my 2nd case and I had that one for over 2 years only bought another one because it’s a different phone
 I’ve been using Otter Box since I’ve owned an iPhone. I wouldn’t use anything else. It makes me feel that my phone is well protected.
 I've been a long time user of Otterbox. I made mention of this in my iPhone 6 Defender review. I ran into two different issues with those cases, one where the screen protector didn't lay flat against the screen and made it unresponsive and another where the silicone started to warp away from the case.<br/><br/>Well, the silicone issue has reared its ugly head again. The iPhone 7 hasn't been out very long and I haven't really moved the case all that much, yet the upper corners of the silicone are starting to warp outwards and pull away from the case. I can only guess that the quality of the silicone just isn't the same as what was used in the versions prior to the 6. Those cases are still going strong.<br/><br/>I will say that Otterbox was speedy in replacing my iPhone 6 case, so I can only hope that they will do the same with this one.
 Super tough construction
 Well designed and protects great.  Well designed belt holster as well but I will be pocketing my phone most of the time.  It's a bit heavy but it works great for me!  I chose not to purchase the insurance for the phone as the DEFENDER is all I need...!!
 Great protection for my IPhone 8. Love the color
 Screen protector does not sit flush with screen of iPhone 8. The case is also huge and bulky, its like carrying a brick around. I also don't believe the screen protector would really do much, it's a thin flimsy piece of plastic.
 I wasted my money with this purchase. Although the case protects your phone sufficiently it is hard to navigate the web or text with screen protector. You have to push down on your screen for anything to register.
 item was as described and came when promised. overall perfect experience.
 I do tree work, and sawdust gets through the seals under the screen protector every. single. day.
 Very nice case...love it
 Bought this for my hubby but he carries his phone in his pocket and the rubber is already coming off the bottom.
 Always love the OtterBox Defender...not disappointed.
 I had to return due to issues with the case
 Very happy with this case for my husband. Looks like it will be great protection for his new Iphone 8.
 good product
 I love otterbox product. I hope the camera front part cover with thin plastic material.
 Awesome! Has saved my phone more than a dozen times from falls, drops, spills, insane toddler, etc...
 Perfect
 Granted my boyfriend is very rough with his phone but I thought this product was supposed to withstand tough situations
 I love this case. It protects well.  Some criticisms said the touch screen did not work well; I have had no issues.  Great product.
 Bright colors n quality product
 This product saved my phone from a fall off the roof of a car at 50 mph driving. It also survived a hit by a tool square on the screen (the protective screen cover sustained a hole but the phone survived.  very durable and worth every penny.
 Great quality case purchased for construction site worker. Keeps phones safe through many falls
 Very sturdy.  My daughter has already dropped her phone several times and no cracks or dings.
 works great
 My grand daughter loves this case
 Love the case.  Protects my phone.
 My 3rd Otter box, I dropped my i-phone and cracked the lens. Haven't had that issue since using Otter Box. I like the slim design and a Colorado company.
 Love the colors!  Fits great, it's my third OtterBox and I would highly recommend!
 Total satisfaction with purchase.
 Not a fan - touchscreen access was greatly impaired with this product. I purchased another Ballistic case and donated the OtterBox to Goodwill.
 Great case so far. Perfect protection for my 11 year olds first phone.
 looks and feels great
 I chose this product because i have always had an otter box on my phone since they came out.  This color though gets dirty easily.  I have had it less than 3 weeks and the edges are black.  This has never happened with previous light color otter boxes and is very disappointing.
 Wanted a light colored face on the otter box and this worked!
 Terrible color to purchase. Showed dirt after the first day.
 Cheap price for the best phone case!
 Always keeps my phone safe
 color looks better in person
 It keep phone save .Had one before
 So glad i went with the frustratuon free packaging. It saved me a decent amount of cash vs. buying new and it has met all my needs. Plus it look good on the phone.
 I, like others, was disappointed that the case began to change color within a week of purchase. The screen protector/cover on the home button rendered the the fingerprint scan reader useless in about two weeks. Holding the phone to your head for a call is uncomfortable as well due to its bulk. Frustration with with the case's impact on the ability to fully utilize the phone led me to select another case.
 Don't quite understand the haters. Otterbox quality and protection. What's not to like? Highly recommended.
 Heavy duty product, protects the phone, easy to use
 The case works great the only complaint I have is the screen protector.  It never seems to read my finger print and sometimes won’t recognize when I click an app or somthing.  I popped the screen off and use tempered glass  and love it! Also mine was made in the USA which is a huge plus for me
 Excellent protection
 Less material than with previous defender cases
 Best phone protection on the market for the money.
 Being as clumsy as I am, this case is perfect and not too bulky in my opinion. The last one I had before this got run over by a car and my phone was fine. I also like the blue color.
 the product was as described, would buy it again
 Great iPhone case.  Fits perfectly.
 very hard to get to the light,calculator and other features that the phone has at the bottom of the screen, and lots of struggle trying to type or select at the edge of the screen with this case..
 I’ve had the case for a few months now. Have dropped phone several times. Case provides perfect protection. Has been very durable, even for the glass. Plus, love the fun design.
 Typical Otterbox quality &amp; fit are perfect.
 Otterbox quality does not disappoint.
 If it’s in your pocket and gets overheated during running it ever hiking. The phone gets moisture and u have to remove cover and let dry.
 Beware, "slight imperfections" might mean an oversized barcode sticker right on the viewing window. Took a while to get it clean.
 Works great for my 10 year old daughter's phone.  Very sturdy!
 Wow, wow, WOW!! This case is EVERYTHING: Durable (my phone feels totally protected), Doesn’t hinder phone controls and I’m in love with the color combo. It protects every button AND the face of your phone. Get one! (Get two!)
 Needed a case for work phone out in the field.  installed over gorilla glass and kept screen protector on, does not affect operation.  Durable case.
 Perfect for my Iphone 8
 I love it
 Arrived on time and looks and works as described.
 I brought this case used and that made me nervous! I love it though! It’s exactly what I wanted and was in great condition! Plus I got it an a great price.
 Cute color and protects well. It just got dirty very easily. I’m going to buy a new one because this one is changing to a different blue color.
 Nice
 doing the job
 The case is great. The clip was better on the older version. It's more difficult to get your phone on and out of.
 I have been using Otter Boxes for a long time. This one went on like a glove (as usual) and after 15 drops in three weekes the phone inside is still working. No problems with reading my finger print or may face.
 I have a toddler who likes to throw my phone on the ground, in the toilet etc. so far so good with this case on it!
 It fits my Iphone 7 and has protected it on several occasions when my phone has dropped, worth the money.
 It works for me but the only thing that does not work well was the plastic screen does not touch the screen of the phone so I have to press it hard to make my phone work,I have to removed the plastic protection and used a hard glass
 Did not come in authentic otter box packaging. Making me wonder if it’s authentic quality or knock off!!!! Not a good sign
 Two teens in the house, need I say more?  Nothing but Otterbox for us
 I love it! I never thought I would like a case but my phone dropped a zillion times and still unharmed thanks to otter box
 Works great for protecting cell phone from accidental falls and cracking.
 The print on Back feels like paper. We’ll see how it wears
 What can I say its  A Otter Box It Works
 Every man needs to buy this for his wife!!!!
 Good product but the plastic that is over the home button makes it difficult to read your print and 50% of the time you have to punch in your code to unlock
 Great conditions!
 I am going to use it all the time.  Orange is the perfect color
 Looks great and works as described.
 Bought this as a gift for my mom and she loved it. Very durable and looks exactly like the pictures!!
 Fits my son's phone perfectly
 doing the job
 I won't out anything else on my iPhone! Now or ever!
 Phone is smaller than the case I have an iPhone 8
 OtterBox is the best!!!  I have used them for years and will continue to use them.  Purchased a new phone, so it was time to protect it!!
 It’s a nice and pretty solid case but the case itself cracked somehow so it’s not entirely the strongest of plastics, but my phone still happens to be in one piece which is all that matters to me!
 Can't go wrong with this case.  My phone is very safe.  I have dropped it and banged it against thing and this case prevented all damage.
 The only case I use. So sturdy.
 For whatever reason the phone didn’t fit properly and there was space in between, we ordered the black one and it fit great
 thanks, these are just what I needed
 fits good, made well. Seems very high quality.
 Great color! Quality Case!
 OtterBox is the way to go for a busy mom who often drops her phone. Very reliable.
 Very well made
 Bought this as a gift. I haven’t heard any negative things from them and they are still using it. It has been 3 months.
 This is the best case in the Market.  If you want peace of mind use this one
 It is possible for water to get under the case, but overall, this is a great product to protect your phone.
 I have purchased many of these cases over the years but this is the first that the finish is painted on and rubbing off.
 fits as it should
 A nice case, with the BONUS of a "kickstand" so that it can be propped up for watching something on the screen.
 The screen didn’t really register my finger so it was was too difficult to use
 Exactly what I wanted. Shipped exactly as described and shipped super fast. I would highly recommend this company!
 Good product
 Great protection- I really like this case. I have had other cases including life proof and this has been the best
 Bought this expecting same otterbox quality as all my other otterboxes but not. The rubeer skin isnt skin tight around the back logo circle and the built in screen protector doesnt sit flush on the screen it bows up off the screen so cant swipe without pushing hard
 Perfect ffit &amp; phone still charges on wireless charging 3 coil stand.
 This product did not protect from dust or sand. Also, buttons do not line up correctly with phone.
 Only case I use. Phones never get damaged being dropped multiple times a day for years
 I’ve had numerous Otterboxes, they are always super durable.  This is a pretty convincing fake at first glance but the color is (camo) is wearing off very quickly.  The 5 yr old case that it replaced still looks pristine.  Buy from a reputable dealer!
 You can never go wrong with any of the Otterbox products.
 This case was super cute, however I bought the wrong one and had to send it back for a refund.
 Bought an otter box for an iPhone 5. Recently upgraded to a 7 and had to purchase another case. Did not hesitate to purchase another otter camo box again. Wonderful durable product. Wonderfully priced.
 my husband loved it
 Definitely could probably protect my phone from falling, but has a nasty habit of absorbing any water whatsoever. Rain seeps between the outer and inner parts of the case, and the outer case has kind of lost some elasticity in the two or so months I've had it.
 Well it’s otter.
 I love otter box covers.  I have been using them for years and I have not had any problems with breaking phones and I drop my phone often!
 I normally love the OtterBix cases. This one has lost the color all the way around the edges, some spots in the back also. I have had it less than a month. I've only had it out of the packaging and on my new phone for two weeks. This is not what I expect from this type of case. I really like the colors but with the color missing it looks so old. I do not understand why the color would just fade like this. Bummer to spend money on a product that won't even hold color for a few weeks. Disappointed. I would not recommend.
 Great price for an otherwise expensive case.
 The color keeps coming off. Got a second replacement and the color came off again! I don't recommend this color for an iPhone cover. I will be sending this back too.
 This doesn't actually fit the iPhone 8. There is a gap between the plastic face and the glass face. Do not buy.
 Product has the durability and protection from the elements I expect for a phone cover.  The rubber jacket has saved my phone many times.  Wish they’d come out with one that includes additional battery.
 Like any OtterBox product I've had this turned out to fit the phone perfectly and protects the phone very well from falls. I have a few pros and cons to mention however:<br/>Pros:<br/>-Protects incredibly well from falls<br/>-Easily touch the screen through the protector<br/>-Looks great on the phone<br/>Cons:<br/>-Muffles the phone slightly particularly for the microphone when on the speakerphone.<br/><br/>I don't personally talk on speakerphone but for those who make a habit of it, be prepared for the person on the other side to ask you to repeat what you're saying. Other than that The amount of protection this case offers is unparalleled with any other case we've used.
 Second phone with this case. Reliable
 I go out on runs occasionally and with the weather starting to get cold, I often wear a sweatshirt or jacket. My phone with this case on has fallen out of my pocket on pavement twice now and hasn't even received a scratch or a cracked screen! I love it!
 best iPhone cover I have ever purchased. much better than the knock off's
 Great protection. Screen protector causes a bit of a response lag on touchscreen. Would totally buy again!
 Great
 works great
 Thought the price was a great deal! I dropped my phone once and the hard plastic piece shattered....  All my otterboxes in the past had been dropped multiple times and never even cracked..
 Love this !! Saved a fortune
 excellent product. Can never go wrong with an otter box.  My husband works in construction and the phone takes a beating but with the OtterBox it is always safe.
 This product was advertised for an iPhone 8 but there was as large gap between the screen of my iPhone and the screen of the otter box, making it very difficult to use my iPhone functionally.
 they made it better!  my last one lasted 3.5 years and I am a builder.  lots of drops and no damage.  love Otter Box
 A bit more slim that previous versions - still as much protection.
 this is the only type of case i ever get for my iphone. It keeps my phone in like new condition.
 I have always liked otter box for my iPhone. Had lost phone and rained for 7 hours on the phone in drive way. Phone working perfect. This new on has the screen guard. Can’t get it to use the phone well. It’s too thick. Need to get another on this one is not working.
 Fits great
 I bought this for my son's phone and I'm very happy with the durability of the case. I've checked around in various stores and I saved a lot of money buying it on Amazon. I will buy again and recommend to my friends and family.
 Love OtterBox cases. I never use my electronics until I have their proper OtterBox on hand!
 No issues
 Item as described, would definitely do business again!
 Very good quality protection.  Have owned for two years without a problem.  I love the cheerful feminine pink color.
 Very good product
 Well made.<br/>Functional.<br/>This is the second one I have purchased, one for the iphone 5 and now one for the iphone 8.
 Inaccurate description
 The case comes in a cardboard box it is a little hard to open the case I didn’t have any  problem installing the phone the screen protector definitely makes touching the screen a lil bit more tougher but if you make sure that The phone and screen protector are clean it helps
 New in box, I've always used the defender series love it.
 This was a gift.
 Wife loves it.
 A
 I would recommend this product highly. My last one lasted for 2 years. The quality of the case is the best that I’ve ever owned. Looking forward to seeing more colors.
 The only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because it at least protected the phone. I have had the case for 2 months and all the camo has completely rubbed off. I had an Otter box just like this on my previous phone and it never even scratched.
 Great case for my 10 year old’s new iPhone 8
 Good case. Nice color.
 really strong and protective but hard to install
 👍🏻
 Wife loves the case and the color.
 Can’t go wrong with an otter box.
 IOW, not flashy but possessed of a degree of elegance resulting from its outstanding purpose-built functionality.
 Great case. Very durable and protective. Hard to put on and take off though.
 Fifth Defender I've had for iPhone.  Great protection for an expensive device.
 This case if very bulky, which I expected. What I didn't expect was how difficult it is to type with the plastic screen protector that is attached. It takes three times as long to send a text, which I'm too impatient for, so I'll be returning this item.
 I’m guessing that because it was cheap it was going to end the way it ended. The home button plastic started to peel off a month later after use and the case feels so thick compared to the “original” case.
 Simply the best phone case out there if you continuously drop your phone on cement like I do. This is the 3rd OtterBox with my 3rd iPhone (my first ne was with the 2nd gen iphone) and your phone stays protected for years.
 Always have to remove the plastic screen when using a phone with added glass.
 this was for my grandson. so far he says he likes it and it protects his phone!
 I hate it. It’s bulky, and the front of the cover is so THICK that I have to press really hard to get the screen to respond. Also, because u have to press so hard, it’s hard to be accurate with where u touch the screen. I’m gonna buy a nice screen protector, and try for a new case.
 Great
 Works out well.  It has been durable for my teenager's phone
 Happy with my otter box, I always buy my otter boxes off Amazon and I’m never disappointed.
 I’ve used OtterBox for years and won’t buy another brand. Love the color and it’s comfortable to hold.
 Great quality from Otterbox as always. The rubber outer case does start to lose it's tightness after about 3-4 months though.
 Thank you for the speedy delivery! It’s perfect 👌
 It's an Otter box! Nothing else needs tobe said!Awesome!
 These are the best cases for teens.  Plain and simple.
 worked and fit perfect for the new Iphone
 Excellent product
 Got is a gift, friend loved it.
 The screen was completely loose and made navigating the touchscreen a real hassle. It felt like I just placed some saran wrap over the top. It was not a tight fit for the touchscreen
 I just replaced my iphone 5s with the 7. I've used the Otterbox Commuter for 3 years with my 5s and it is still in perfect condition. I bought the Commuter again for my 7, but they have changed the design and it's not as substantial as the original, so I decided to go with the defender due to all the good reviews.  I absolutely hate the screen protector!  It takes twice as long for me to text.. half of the time I miss a letter because you have to press so hard to get it to work through the protector. It's hard to swipe as well. I tried removing the plastic as one reviewer suggested and ended up breaking one of the side panels because they are so narrow. Without the screen protector it would have been a fabulous case. Really disappointed in this product.
 A great case for protection
 should stop cracked screen protectors
 Hubby happy with his new phone case.
 Only case I trust with my phone!
 Colors were exactly what I wanted and expected. Great purchase!
 Great price, arrived exactly as described!  Thanks!  :-)
 Great product. Fast shipping. Awesome price for value.
 Otter Box is the only brand we will purchase for my husband’s phone. As a Contractor his phone takes a lot of wear and tear. Otter Box is the ONLY phone case that can stand up to the daily wear.
 just what I needed, thanks
 Best phone cover I’ve ever had!
 Otterbox is the best case out there!!
 I bought the case in January, it has been roughly less than 5 months and it is already worn. I have been a long time buyer of this product (quite a few years) and am really disappointed!
 i got this case and i was worried it was not going to be an otter box however it is,
 I love this case. From the amazing color to the safety of a otter box. My struggle is the built in screen protectors always allow dirt so I kept on my own screen protector. The phone does not work good with the two protectors so I simply removed the one built into the case.
 wouldn't use any other type of case for my iphones!
 Good product at a good price.
 Seriously inhibits touchscreen use.
 Descriptions and picture was for COWABUNGA BLUE/GUNMETAL GREY but actually received Gun Metal and White. Also - white hard case does not fit iPhone 8. Wrong case &amp; wrong color from diacription given.
 It a great cover just like all otterbox defenders. I have used them on all my phones
 It’s an otter box what else is there to say it’s great
 Always have purchased  black for myself. Love Otter box Defender series. Purchased this light aqua for a birthday present.  And it has completely discolored from it's original color in less than two weeks.<br/>Tried to wipe/ wash off.  Not dirty.  Very dingy..???????? Don't understand.
 If you have butterfingers like me, this is what you need to protect your phone.  I had gotten the new iPhone 8 and needed a new cover and I trust OtterBox.  Satisfied.
 Love it !
 I would love to say this product is great, because I am sure it is, but it does not fit my son's phone properly and I am unable to return it even though the item is still brand new!  I am out my money and stuck with an unusable product.  I will not be buying from this seller again.  Bad business!
 nice heavy duty case, exactly what my teenage boy needs!
 I bought this for my teenage brother who is rough with his stuff. Has fallen numerous times on different surfaces and continues to protect the phone. It's not as bulky as other otterboxes.
 A great product at a great price and it came with a holster (which I never use).  Otterbox never disappoints and their customer service is always helpful.
 Is great
 returned.  not as expected
 as described
 not dust resistant!! got a lot of fine dirt between the screen and cover. you could feel the grit when you touched the screen protector.
 Excellent Quality, heavy duty and fits great.
 Don't know if it is my phone or the case but the on/off button can be hard to push on. Other than that I love it.
 I ordered the iPhone case for a 7. I received an iPhone case for a 5. Not even in the correct color. I paid for real tree camo. I received gray with green
 Good fit and protection
 Very disappointed with this cell phone case. I have purchased otterbox cases for years and this one was very poorly made. I have used it a week and the plastic area over the home button/finger print is all crinkled up and does not allow my finger print to work.
 nothing special
 Case already broke. Was looking for something for a good heavy duty working environment, not worth the money. I find that I have to tear the case apart nightly to clean it, or the fingerprint much less the screen stops working.
 love it
 The plastic cover makes it impossible to text if you already have a screen protector on the phone, but I don't think this plastic film would actually protect my phone. Also, very hard to assemble and disassemble.
 Bounces back
 Boyfriend is happy with his new case
 well made, seeming indestructible.
 My only complaint with the Defender Series lies with the plastic screen which scratches easily. I found it can be removed and then I used a glass screen protector.
 As always, keeping my iPhone safe!
 Excellent but not as good as defender series.
 Won’t recognize the finger print
 Decent
 Great case. So far it is grandson proof.
 This is my third otter box defender. I had one for my 4s, 6, and now iPhone 8. It’s what I expected from otterbox. Nothing really special about it after having had two others before. Just glad that I got an otterbox and not a fake.
 as described, quick shipper
 Protection.  Thanks
 Perfect- arrived quickly
 Pretty color. Can't go wrong with otterbox!
 Good price for product
 Exactly as described, fits iPhone 7 or 8.
 Good gift
 Fit iPhone 8 great. No complaints. Can’t use wireless charger but I already knew the case was too thick for it to work. Not a dealbreaker for me. Happy with look and secure fit
 Perfect fit for my iPhone 7. So far, not a scratch on my phone. I have 4 kids so my phone can take a pretty good beating. I'm usually carrying multiple things at once and my phone has hit the pavement more times that it should. I cleaned it out the other day and not a scratch. The only areas exposed are the earpiece, speakers, and camera lense so those are the areas that need a quick cleaning. Other than that my phone stays pretty clean inside the case. It does add a little weight and bulk to the phone, but I like that so it's not an issue for me. Plus it's much more affordable than a lifeproof case, especially since  Apple boasts its new water resistant feature on the iPhone 7. Overall, I love this case and highly recommend it.
 You just can't go wrong with an Otter Box!
 I had an Otterbox Defender on my iPhone 6 and when I removed it to trade it in, my phone was as pristine as the day I bought it. This case for the iPhone 7 is a genuine Otterbox and the fit was perfect. I have no doubt it will protect this phone as well as it did the last.
 Great product!  Great price!
 Lasted 5 months but now falling apart
 I received the product in good condition, good product
 works fine i now keep it as a back up
 the otter box protection is great the COLOR GETS DIRTY REAL FAST- kind of gross now.
 Good item for the price
 Literally could through your phone and it won’t break
 Husband likes
 Love this! Just wish I had gotten it the first time I ordered a cover. I ordered the wrong size and ended up damaging a brand new Iphone 7. Protect your phone always.
 I’ve dropped my phone so many times; this case has saved my phone time and time again. Absolutely worth it.
 Great case for my iPhone and cover design.
 does the job
 Its really very nice color, looks great, strong. Only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because, it would have been better if it wouldn't catch dust and look dirty over period of time. Instead, wish it had some easy wipe off cover for cleaning.
 Works amazing, tough yet not to bulky and light.
 Great case, just as described. Fits perfect.
 It is sturdy and definitely lives up to expectations in terms of keeping the phone safe. However, when it comes to being able to adequately hear during phone calls, it falls short (even with the ear piece).
 I've had an OtterBox Defender in the past for my iPhone 5 and this one is so much better quality. I absolutely love it.
 This is a very protective case. I personally love the screen protector because I’m really hard on my phones. There is the possibility of dust getting under the screen because the case does not cover the speakers or camera but I’ve been using mine just over a week and haven’t seen a spec yet. The benefit of not having everything covered is that you can hear through the case perfectly.<br/>The fingerprint reads well but I did have to redo my print initially because I did notice my print didn’t read the same as before the case was on. Not a problem to me.<br/>The case is fairly difficult to install and remove, but that also comes with great protection! I was prepared for a very bulky case, and though this is more bulky than others, it’s about as bulky as other highly protective cases. The only downside is that I’ve noticed my blue jeans discoloring the edges of the case. Overall, this is a perfect case for someone looking for great protection!
 Simply the BEST for these super-thin new phones
 Simply the BEST for these super-thin new phones
 When you purchase an expensive phone don't skimp on a case. This Otter Box Defender is by far the best case I've owned.
 These cases are wonderful!  I have used these for years, and NEVER had to pay for a broken phone or screen!
 Super helpful!
 It is excellent product to have it save the screen from brakeing Aaron Rauch
 Only thing is the screen cover. Otherwise a full 5 Star review
 Great case
 I love it!!!
 Keeps phone very secure. Only small downside is it’s bulky for smaller pockets. Has belt clip. Easy to take apart once you read the instructuons and figure it out. Easy to keep a good grip on phone on bumpy rides.
 Easy to assemble and so far has kept my phone safe. It looks good also.
 Item as described, very pleased
 Protege mucho mi teléfono y la textura es suave no es algo duro que se rompa con la caida
 screen saver is too small
 very good
 Great fit. Protects phone even if you drop it
 Fits IPhone 7 perfectly and makes my phone look 10x cleaner and better than my old beat up case. The box it came in was a little beat up but the case it’s self was in perfect condition. It ‘‘twas lovely.
 Otterbox never fails to satisfy me, I have abused my phone so badly but it still looks new beneath the otterbox, I will be a lifetime customer
 fits like a charm
 after 6 weeks the camo started to rub off not happy about that. the only good part is it is still good protection for the phone. but i did buy it for the camo and that is rubbing off.
 Love it
 Beautiful color. Consistant Otterbox protection
 this is a great item for the price
 I like that the case protects my phone but it shows signs of cheap manufacturing by fading decal on rubber sleeve .. I have a 5s otter box and had it over 2 years and still isn’t faded today even with heavy use .. not sure I’ll order from this again!!
 It is great!!!
 Very sturdy case, but not super thick/large which is nice. Very nice product.
 Love this case!  It has protected my phone so many times.
 Was looking for something beides plain color.  This fits the bill.
 90% sure I received a counterfeit phone case. Not happy.
 Fantastic design, sturdy doesn't begin to describe how safe I feel my phone is in this case.
 Perfect Protection for your phone....just makes your phone feel bulkier.
 My phone would have been smashed many times if not for this!
 Better than a lifeproof case.
 This case is great in every way, it looks good, protects my phone very well, and it suprisingly works with my wireless charger. I highly reccomend this case.
 My son needed this working outdoors helps not to destroy his phone 📱 when he has dropped it a few times.
 It does discolor like others complained of.
 Fits and works as advertised, with the price of these phones, you must protect your investment!!!
 Beastly. Sturdy, easy to pop on.  It is a bit on the bulky side, but I work in construction, so it's going to do the job.
 This case is great for protection. I have a 4 year old who uses my phone so it is bound to get dropped and this case saves my phones from cracks. A little bulky but I don’t mind
 Otterbox is a great case to protect your phone from damage but this is the wrong color to choose. I had a hard time keeping this case clean that I had to buy another one in a darker color.
 Looks nice and fits my iPhone 6 perfect. Not water proof
 Durable and easy to put on!
 It's too thick, my iPhone didn't look like if I've gotten the new one.
 I love it! It's gorgeous and durable now I'm sure my iPhone 7 will be protected no matter what.
 I've tried the Lifeproof cases, and they do not match that standards set by OtterBox.
 Great case. Wife liked the color and so far so good
 Nice color however it’s too bulky. I wanted something sleek but tough.
 Product as described
 I love the Otterbox because it’s very durable and definitely protects my phone
 I was super excited to find the otterbox for such an awesome deal. Sadly, I will have to end up buying another one soon. The otterbox came in quickly and in perfect condition, but it gets dirty so easily. and the dirt will not come off. My phone looks so gross. Very disappointed.
 Easy to put on, great price and pretty durable.
 Tough!
 Keeps my phone safe!!
 This case DOES NOT FIT iPhone 8  Do not buy
 The built in screen protector is raised.  This results in slower texting, due to having to apply more pressure to the letters on the edge of the screen.  Otherwise, it protects my phone very well.
 I pretty much always buy OtterBox cases for my phones now. Does a great job protecting and looks stylish.
 What’s to say it’s an otter box
 It is a good product. I think it will do better without the screen protector. Also, the price is high compared to the product.
 Sturdy, but not too big to fit in a men's pants pocket.  The only drawback is the screen cover seems to collect oils from my finger moreso than a blank screen - I find myself wiping it more - but a small price to pay for (knock on wood) longer phone life.
 Great colors and fit
 Dropped my phone so many times with this case on (mind you these were not gentle falls) and the case and phone still look great. My only qalms are how bulky it is and the slight film of the cover over the screen that builds up, but these things don't take away from using your phone normally.
 The case blocked the voice and people can barely hear you.
 I took a chance and bought this used and I am so glad I did. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this (no marks anything) and I LOVE IT!! I have had to replace my phone at least yearly because of a cracked screen, so I am pumped to have this case and hopefully dont have to relive the replacement situation again!
 great protective case just like an otter box should be!
 It is durable and great looking!
 Very sturdy case. Exactly what was expected.
 This is by far the best case for any phone
 Great case. Good price
 I like the protection it affords but am unhappy with the back where it's cutout for camera lense, the cut left a sharp edge that catches my finger all the time and is uncomfortable.
 Great price very durable have dropped the phone purposely to see nothing happens still brand new
 Super protective!
 I was very disappointed.  I ordered a otter box for my iPhone 7 Plus and it didn’t fit.  Now I’m having to spend more $ to hopefully get<br/>One that fits.  Since I already threw away all the packaging I can’t send it back
 I love it ! Is like all the other OtterBox Defender that I have purchased, is strong and protects my daughter new iPhone 8, it fits perfectly no issues she is happy with the color. It  was delivered in time.
 I like this a lot. Way cheaper on here than walmart
 love otterbox
 Sturdy and nice soft touch
 Screen protection is not working properly during typists.
 I love this product!
 I am a sucker for anything blue so I was sold on this just by the colour which I love, as with all Otterbox Defender cases it is solid and looks as though it will protect the iphone well, very impressed it turned up on time.
 Good value for the money.  Have had this for 6 months and is really holding up well.  Great protection for our phones.
 Big fan of Otter box.
 It’s Otterbox! It works, I can find it!
 Rock solid case.  Bought for my Maintenance manager to protect his phone.
 Exactly what I needed to protect my phone.
 Love my case. Worked great. The outside rubber is stretch out and is loose.
 I was really disappointed with this. I read all the great reviews, but I didn’t like it. The clear screen that covers the iPhone isn’t quite flush and so it makes typing tricky. I gave up in the end and went back to my old phone case.
 Significantly more bulky than I remembered, and the volume buttons aren't as responsive. I removed the cover over the home button and the screen, since it was superfluous (I already added an invisible glass/shield).
 Great item and service!
 I've had my case less than 8 months and it's already cracked. But my phone is still in one piece. So I guess that says something. I'll be contacting the company to take them up on the one year warranty. Also, the rubber doesn't keep its shape.
 Material changed color in 5 month
 Returned it as I needed a different size.
 Saved my phone several times!
 Perfect protection for the phone!
 Depends where it’s made...<br/><br/>I bought 2 for 2 iPhones. 1 made in Mexico and fits great and feels great.<br/><br/>One made in China and it doesn’t fit tightly on the screen, so there’s always a bubble you are pushing on.
 High quality
 product as described and fast shipping
 Its very sturdy.  Three layers of protection. Perfect for someone like me who drops phones.  I also really like the purple color.
 Love the color of this case. Came securely packaged. It did not have the original OtterBox box that most cases normally come in, but everything was there.
 7 clips on this case?! It is such a pain to open this case. There are 7 clips all around the phone which are small and fragile and get stuck incredibly easy. My old case from otter box was so much more simple and easy to use. Not they added too much to it. It took me less than minute to get my old case off. Now I have to spend at at least 5 minutes and need a screwdriver to get under then super small clips, if I want to take off the cover. Too much work for a case
 We have always had Otter Box protectors on our phones. This particular model is less than adequate. Within a week it was dirty and dingy, and today the case cracked in half when my daughter dropped the phone, causing the glass screen protector to break also. Not typical otter box quality
 This has to be a fake case or otter box has went down hill fast. I’ve owened every iPhone since they came out. I’ve bought ever otter box for the phones that were  available. I’ve never had the  camouflage on the back come off so easy.
 great product
 otterbox = great.
 While the protection is solid, the case it's self becomes very dirty and hard  to clean. We have only had ours a very short time and it is very dirty. We can't find anything to clean it with to remove just dirt.
 If we didn't have this case im almost positive my daughter would have broken her phone already.
 Works very well with iPhone 8. Excellent protection. Also works great with my wireless charger.
 Good investment to protect your phone, I get one every time I upgrade my phone.
 As per usual OtterBox cases are top quality and this one is no exception. Several drops already and my phone is still in perfect condition. I like the easy access to both front and back cameras for cleaning.
 Wife would have liked color to be brighter but loves it
 Best case out there for protection of your iPhone. Beautiful color as well.
 Excellent Product
 this is a great products
 Just what I wanted without the high cost at the phone store arrived quick and works great
 It gets very dirty very quickly and doesn't clean that easily, but it's a good phone protector! Maybe get black instead.
 Worked exactly as advertised. My phone is big and wonky now and my friends clown me for wearing it on my hip but idgaf. I’m starting a new trend and my phone won’t be all cracked up like theirs.
 After researching this brand I thought I was going to get a good deal. This phone case is so annoying because there is a slight gap between the actual phone and the clear screen. So texting is challenging because you have to hit the screen hard for it to type.
 I liked the case tons, until the camouflage sticker began fading. Now the case looks like it has a white background, very ugly.
 This is supposed to completely protect your phone....or so I thought. My son dropped the phone on the carpet &amp; the whole screen smashed while in the case! Highly disappointed!
 Had many of these cases over the years. Love them
 Great price and a great product! Prompt delivery.
 I got this for my dad who works in a machine shop and it protects his phone great from dust flying around and the occasional falling out of his pocket.
 It’s great, it really protects my phone
 Bought this case for my daughter and the front cover of the case cracked after only a few days of using it on her phone.
 Good product!
 Super sturdy and modern looking. Love it!!
 The Otterbox arrived early which is always a nice surprise. The packaging was easy to open and I feel so good now knowing that my iPhone 8 is protected! Love my Otterbox!
 I’ve had my phone case for a few weeks and I’ve never had an otter box break so fast. I usually love them because they are super durable, but this one might be made out of something different. I’m very unsatisfied with this product.
 Item was as described
 Love otterbox products
 It is very similar to a case I had for my old phone and I like that.<br/>However, this has a built in screen protector that is not as sensitive as I would like. It is difficult to type on it and have it pick up all the keystrokes.
 Last for a few months only..
 Great
 Works well and the belt clip / stand is a great plus.
 Phone case broke after normal usage. Would not recommend this product to anyone
 After just 6 months, this case has already lost its shape. I’ve had this brand of cases for years and never has one worn down so quickly. I’m very disappointed with this purchase.
 Good price for a good product
 Great Product!
 Details were accurate, case arrived in Otterbox packaging. Has held up well. The sides seem to scuff more than anticipated, but it could just be the light color of the case.
 its a otter box takes a licking and keeps on clicking
 Great in protecting your phone. Indestructible especially if dropping your phone by mistake
 Simply the best cases on the market! All of our phones stay protected with OtterBox cases!
 Nice and durable
 Nice colors!
 My son loved it!
 best. case. ever.  saved myself several new screen with the otter box, i'll never have an iphone without an otter box
 Love it!
 It is very sturdy and really protects my phone from drops and bumps. It’s difficult to plug in to charge because of the rubber that covers the charging port.
 Best case I’ve ever owned. Keeps my phone like new
 Nice and I am Happy with it.
 Seems durable, time will tell.... holder and case seem strong.
 Great fit &amp; protection for iPhone 8
 I always order Defender cases because I drop my phone a lot.  I haven't had a crack yet!
 We only use Otterbox to protect our phones.
 Buenos y muy buena calidad
 Durable. so far so good
 Transaction executed exactly as expected
 Item as described. Arrived quickly.
 Bought all my other otter boxes off of Amazon and I’m never disappointed!
 Nice
 Quality piece.
 All was fine with this product until I went on a long walk one day and tucked it into the top of my waistband. Upon checking my phone about an hour later i noticed that sweat got under the case. My phone was wet which defeats the purpose of this case and its not like I dropped it in water it was just a little sweat!
 It is a very protective and defensive! Obviously what it’s intended for, but the case is easy to stain and gets dirty quick and can sometimes block your microphone. I wear it in my back pockets and work apron which cause the stains. No other problems to report
 Protects my phone and you can purchase a matching phone charger!
 Like
 Rather disappointed with the camo print. In less than 1.5 months the camo print wore off. Going to contact Otter Box to see about warranty. Hope it does not happen again!
 horrible otter box case the hard covering broke within a month
 Fits my iPhone 8. Very durable and looks nice on.
 Perfect case been buying the defender since iPhones came out. Phone has never broken. And every 2 years when I get another phone. I take it outta the case and it looks almost perfect!!!!!
 After 6 months this is what the cases look like. They both cracked and then the pieces came off where they cracked. Then they started peeling on the backs. These are terrible and in the past OtterBox has been very good so I’m disappointed.
 Great Price and Value for the OtterBox, highly recommend using the brand name Cellphone case for both protection and warranty
 Love it! This is my third Otterbox, and they are unbeatable. And this one is so cute!
 Fit my new iPhone 8 perfectly
 Buy a dark color. Avoid the real. It’s cute but I made the mistake when I bought the teal because when in a pocket or even set on a table it collects dirt on the lifted edges. It’s looks gross and grimy. I’ve tried everything to get it off including a magic eraser nothing works.
 It fit perfectly and it looked amazing. I love it. It is a great investment and cheaper than the other otter boxes.
 Super protective case Love it!! Fits Iphone 8!!!
 I have always used otterbox cases and they never disappoint. Highly recommend!
 Worth the money you pay!!!
 It's seems indestructible, which I like. Only down-side is that it was super difficult to put on initially, and it's a little challenging accessing the side buttons with it on. I'm very glad I made the purchase, though! Looks like it will keep the phone safe!
 It protects my phone from cracking and breaking
 Can’t go wrong with the otter box
 Three users with various model iPhones, no cracked screens even though the accidental drops keep happening.
 This outside is a very light color and gets dirty very quickly. Mine looked great for about two days and then I saw that everything was sticking to it and it doesn't just clean off. So unless you are very careful I would not suggest getting this color. Great case protection wise though!
 daughter loves the color.  came quickly
 Great buy at a really good price
 Very good protection.
 A super protector I will bet my last $ on... So cool...after investing a fortune on iphone7, I needed a very good protector... I love it.
 It was too thick, so I couldn't show off my new iPhone.
 Great
 Had to get a new case, went on Amazon &amp; found this one for $22, what a deal, new, no issues with packaging, very happy customer!
 Great quality would definitely recommend. A lot of user complain about the plastic film but it’s not that annoying you get used to it being there
 Loved the colors of this OtterBox and love that I don't feel paranoid carrying my iPhone around without a case.
 Great product!
 Extremely bad quality. It broke into pieces for me after 7-8 months of use when it fell down one day. However there was no damage to Iphone. There were many cheaper options when I purchased this so thought this case will last longer. so not worth paying extra money for it.
 I love this case!! I’ve dropped my phone probably over 50 times and this case is so shock absorbent that it just bounces up and doesn’t leave a scratch. Plus the color is super cute!
 it was just as advertised just a little scratches
 Otter box can't be beat.
 My phone fell so many times and still hasn’t broken
 I was disappointed in the condition that the product arrived. The case came in an open bag without the original packaging and box. This was intended to be a gift and It won’t look neat and nice.
 Pretty and actually protects the phone
 I can always count on the otter box to keep my phone clean and from breaking.  The color is great
 It's a lot bigger then I expected, but it looks like it'll do the job it's designed for.
 a month after receiving, the camo is mostly gone on the back. Just rubbed away. I almost can't even read "Otter" on the lower part. Very poor coloring. Case works, as I've dropped phone a couple times, but that's it!!
 perfect
 I had an otter box on my old iPhone 5c and it worked great I had it for almost 2 years!! But this new otter box was a big disappointment. I haven’t even had the case for a month before it broke! The plastic by the ringer cracked and broke off, hopefully this was just a defect!!
 Love this case. However it does get dirty on the edges easily.
 I love the case and the color! But it does show dirt easily and it stains
 Husband ran it over with his truck on accident; it survived. I am buying one for my own phone.
 Already dropped this thing on the poured concrete floor twice and not even a mark on the case. So far so good. I also like the grippy texture of the exterior - it makes it easier not to drop the phone in the first place.
 Great case. The Otterbox case gives the best protection for your phone.
 As expected
 This is not the most attractive case, but I don't need it to be. These things have saved every iPhone I've ever had MANY TIMES! If you pay for an expensive phone you should protect it.
 Feels very protective of my phone.  I have to push very hard through the screen protector when using the phone which is a bit challenging until I got used to it.
 This was the second time I have purchased an otterbox case for one of my phones. Both cases have worked great and are very sturdy!
 The only case I'll ever use to protect my phones (3 small kids and my klutzy self need this), and I love the color.
 Loved previous otterbox defender for my iphones. The screen protector for the 8 does not make contact as close as the one for for iPhone 6s. When you type, you have to press harder and because of that there's that tapping sound.
 Very pretty color
 Works good
 Love this case, thank you so much for your service
 This was a gift for a friend.  Now maybe she'll stop breaking her phone!
 Pretty good to use n looks great!
 Product is perfect for my needs!
 Get an otterbox or risk breaking your screen. They are really the best.
 Cutest case ever and otterbox protective! Love the minty green color!
 The case stained around the edges after only 12 hours of being out of the package.
 as described
 Best case out these 100%
 As always, the Defender series is on of the best phone cases made!
 case is great, I'm thinking this is what my iPhone needs..thank y'all
 Best cover I've ever owned.  Love it!
 Material is pealing on the back
 Love love love this otterbox
 Big fans of Otterbox. This is no exception.
 Great case, my son loves it!
 Fits perfectly.  Third Otterbox Defender we've bought, because they're so amazingly effective at protecting our phones.
 Perfect
 You would think an OtterBox would hold up to more than pocket wear. But the image is slowly disappearing after 3 months. Started coming off rather quick, within the first month I could tell it was rubbing off. Now it’s only getting worse.
 love otterbox
 Great product, I have had otter box cases on all my phones and they get all look new still!
 I definitely recommend it I love it
 This is my fourth Otter Box and I have yet to break my phone.  My husband works with cows and cars and He is still using his phone 3.5 years later!  I think they are GREAT!!!
 Love all Otterbox products but the Defender series is my favorite. Love the color options available at a good price.
 I purchased this product used, just was not expecting it to be in such bad condition. Scratches on the face of the phone, it reads of cigarette smoke, and looks like the holster may have been glued back together.
 Love It. Have always used OtterBox Defender with the iPhones. I just selected the wrong color. Outer case collects dirt. Looks like I had the case for a while.
 keeps my i-phone like new after dropping it many times,just bought the same one again I liked it so much. Not stylish but<br/>the purpose is to protect your phone which it does. Would highly recommend it.
 Great except for the plastic screen cover. I replaced it with a glass screen cover. Otherwise, great case.
 The case is very sturdy so that is good. I did see in a rating that the case is easily discolored and I found that to be true for me as well. The case shouldn't be so expensive if the color gets easily distorted.
 Love this OtterBox Defender Case.
 Fits like a glove and works (and looks!) like a charm.
 The home button cover  got a ripped and wrinkled in the first hour of use! It looks like seran wrap was cut out and attached for the button.
 Dropped my phone so many times it’s crazy not one dent or scratch on it but the circle around the apple logo began to let loose n peel.
 Kid proof!
 Yeah...The plastic screen protector was warped or something. Typing was ridiculous.  In fact, it was like finger punching the keyboard.  Actually, it was like throwing darts.  Spell check didn’t know what I was trying to “type”.  I just cut the screen plastic screen off.  SMH...
 It works but faded
 I love Otterbox. This case is exactly like it looks in the pictures. It keeps my phone protected from damage.
 Have always used Otter Box, no surprises
 This phone case camouflage design on the back has already work off in a month. I will be returning it and ordering a new one and hopefully it will hold up.
 Looks cute and keeps my phone from breaking when I drop it (which is a lot!) I love otter box!
 Arrived in opened and resealed case. Labeled for iPhone 7,not 8. Color of case did not match product image/case depicted on amazon.
 My son loves it
 Very sturdy case, difficult to get open/close.
 It’s the best
 I ordered this case as a gift of my 11 y.o. daughter and she loves it. I love it, too, because I feel it's going to protect the phone I purchased with my hard earned money.
 My case is already peeling from the back and haven't even had it a month
 Great case. I love that it protects my phone very well and it is not bulky. However sometimes my dogs hair gets underneath the plastic screen cover somehow but other then that it's a great case!
 Great product
 This is an excellent product for the money. I have dropped my phone multiple times and it has held up nice!!
 It’s an otter box
 Saved my daughter's phones many times.
 My son loves it!!!
 I love this case! I love the colors, the polka dots and the durability!
 Great. fit perfect in my iPhone 8. the color is exactly as the picture
 After four months, it started peeling around the hole in the middle. Very disappointed.
 I bought this back in December, and it is holding up very well! Thank you amazon!
 Great color
 Assembles very easily. Has protected my phone from multiple drops.
 Easy to install and protects my iPhoe
 The only case I trust to keep my iPhone safe. I've used the defender series on every iPhone I've has for the past 8 years and my iPhones always stayed in amazing condition.
 Product came as described!
 Otter box has allways been great.
 Love it
 I got my hands on a new iPhone 7  and purchased this case immediately to protect my new phone due to Otter-box's reputation.<br/><br/>First- let me start off by telling you that I have a desk job so my phone is either on my desk at work or on my counter/night stand at home. I don't work outside where it can get dirty and it's never been dropped.<br/><br/>It's been a whole ten days and the edges are starting to discolor, which I'm not overly happy about. So if you plan on purchasing this case, I would definitely try something darker in hopes you don't get that discoloration.<br/><br/>The "screen protector" or should I say the thin plastic piece over the phone already has a small crack by the home button. There also seems to be a gap between the phone itself and the "screen protector" making it extremely difficult to text and scroll on the web because it's not sensing your finger due to the plastic screen - which is frustrating. And the fingerprints- ugh! I have to clean it off frequently, it gets so smudged up. I hear a lot of people just put on tempered glass and just take off that piece, which you can also do at your own risk.<br/><br/>The phone case does add weight to your phone, but it seems to be improving since older models. I do feel like I could throw my phone against the wall and it won't shatter the screen or break.<br/><br/>From all the issues I had within 10 days of use, I will be returning this one and on the search for a new case.
 Great case. Only dislike is dust gets in behind the screen thing and has to be taken apart often for cleaning if you have a dirty job. Protection is good I’ve dropped it a bunch and it’s gravy
 Love it, I work as a mechanic so needed a robust case. And this case has kept my phone safe, and without a scratch.
 Very good quality. My last one lasted for 3 years.
 Good case thanks
 Very durable even for a teenage boy.
 Great case, I removed the plastic screen protector because it makes typing difficult with my glass screen protector. Comes with a dope belt clip.
 good product and good price
 The wife loves it, especially the use of the case clip while at work.
 Great
 Good defender.
 Happy with mine. Have dropped phone and it is fine. A little bulky but fine.
 Very good case
 good stuff!
 It looks exactly like the picture, has a great feel to it, and is very sturdy. Great quality! I love it!
 I like how protective this is but it gets dirty. I'm going to try to clean it a little with ....not sure what.
 Been using these cases for years, super durable, never disappointed
 Graphics on back of case wore off after only 2 weeks,and screen scratches to easy, have had many otter boxes before none have ever been this cheaply made  very poor never waste money again
 What I wanted in a timely manner
 I got this for my wife. It looks like it protects well, but she didn’t like the fact that the plastic screen cover took away from the sensitivity of her touchscreen.
 Brought it for my daughter with her second iPhone, haven’t had to buy a new replacement phone so
 Great case to protect your iPhone
 Great phone case! Very durable and my husband loves it!
 It was too bulky and not what would work for me, I returned the item.
 I’ve been using this case for years on all my iPhones and I have never broken an iPhone like most people
 My husband has broken three phones. Since getting this case he would have broken it twice already. Face down on concrete and not w scratch to his iPhone. Costs less to buy this case than it does to pay the deductible for a replacement phone.
 Fits my phone perfectly.
 It fits fine. It works great. It came with no directions.
 Exactly what I expected. I have used otter box cases for years and it has never disappointed me.<br/>The picture represents the color and product well.<br/>Packaging was easy to open<br/>The price was wonderful!
 It was fine but cheaper at Best Buy and dark jean color transfers to case
 Solid case. My phone won’t be braking anytime soon and it’s not too bulky.
 Always used Otterbox, never broke a phone. I work construction, they get beat up. Still never broke any phone I’ve had. I highly recommend
 Fight tighter than my last otter box , feels good and does the job
 Works great looks good too.
 Love it! This is my second time buying these (different sizes).
 Love this case ! Super cute colors. I've been a loyal Otterbox user since my first Ipod 😃
 Easy to assemble and good value for price compared to Walmart
 Hard to use the alphabet on the side of contacts with the cover on.  Other wise like it!!  Been dropped several times and still works!!
 Good product I love it
 Excellent case and protection.  Bulkier than some, but not too much so.
 Sturdy,good protection for my phone.
 Love it, but don't plan on putting it to your ear. No one can hear you speak.
 Love it. Exactly what I expected.
 Fits like a glove
 Amazing case.  Must have.  Only flaw for me is the front part that is cut out for the front camera, sometimes the lint or dust can get inside between the phone screen and the clear protection screen of the case but that is ease to wipe off.
 Sturdy and protects my phone perfectly. Screen gets scratched easily but still a great product
 I like everything except I am not able to use my thumb print log in and it is a little hard to plug into charge.
 Love  my otter box. Durable!
 Very pleased with the Otter Box Defender case.  I left my phone on the hood of my truck, and when I got out on the highway, it fell off onto the shoulder of the road.  Fortunately, my phone was not damaged-the case had a few scuff marks, but it protected the phone!  Would definitely recommend this case.
 Cool pattern and colors, not the kind you see on everyone’s phone
 great
 Exactly what I hope it would be.
 Already scratched somehow, but otherwise great product
 Perfect--same quality and packaging as the one I ordered from the otter box website.
 Perfect fit and great price
 Great case. I have dropped my phone multiple times and have not had any damage.
 Everything I need to protect my phone
 Great case only problem is I have had it for a week and the camp on the back has already came off and is now white
 I recommend it
 I like the changes. So far, holding up better than previous models.
 Great quality, feels sturdy. Now I want to throw the phone around to see how it works 🤓
 I had an Otterbox for my iPhone 6, and I loved it so when I upgraded I decided to get one for my 7. This case doesn’t seem to be made quite the same. It is losing its shape by the charging port and when ever I’m listening to music with my adapter, it will pause and skip songs by itself, and Siri comes on as if I’m pressing the home button. It does not do this when I’m not using the adapter. Another thing I don’t like about this case is the fact that it stains easily. The color of my jeans rubs off on the purple part.<br/><br/>I wish I could return it for a refund. I am not happy with this case. I would prefer a LifeProof to this Otterbox. It does protect your phone from falls, however the cons outweigh the pros in my opinion.
 Perfect!
 Bought this for my wife's new iPhone 7 after her 2-year-old-iPhone-6 was split after the toddler dropped it many times. We both agreed that if she wanted a new phone, she'd put it in an OtterBox, or she'd pay out of pocket for any and all repair work.<br/><br/>We used to have a knock-off mophie charging case on our iphones 6, so I wasnt prepared for the super-protective case of the otterbox. I was thoroughly impressed with how many layers it had, the built in screen protector, and overall life-proofness of this case. Now it hasn't been 2 months with the case yet, but I don't doubt the toddler with attempt to flush, wash, jump, drop, kick, throw, and otherwise destroy my wife's phone, so I'm excited to see how well it holds up. So far I'm glad we didn't do any knock-off version, as this thing looks legit.<br/><br/>Also, her case is lighter &amp; sleeker than my knock off battery charging case, which is a huge plus for her.
 Screen cracked 2 months after purchase, fingerprints show easily making screen look smudgy, have to press hard to get touch screen to work.
 Good quality.  Don't worry about dropping phone.  Color does get dirty, but that's my problem.
 Like any other one it’s good!!
 I have an Otter ox defender on my phone.  This one I bought for my husband, the plastic is thinner and it lifts away from the phone, therefore when you press the numbers or icons, you have to touch them pretty hard and several times, soooooooooo annoying
 Excelent, thanks !
 Love it
 I like this design very much with the belt clip. One thing is bother is the warning "California proposition 65 warning" of this particular product. As a caution I always wash my handle after I use my phone.
 This cases front screen has a crack down near the main button. I guess I will be calling otter box
 Thought I ordered a totally waterproof case but this one isn’t completely protecting ur phone. Otherwise it’s good.
 Arrived quickly.  Fair price.
 It’s hard to beat an Otter Box.
 Love the durability
 I'm very rough on phones and this unit helps me from breaking them
 The best shopping ever. I have two kids so I always drop the cellphone and my kid drops it too and nothing happens to it. 100% recommend.
 Great case. Fir my phone perfectly. Pretty sturdy as I have dropped my phone multiple times.
 Love it! Sturdy and stylish! Otterbox is the way to go!
 very good/durable.
 I love it, it turned out great I love the otter boxes. I always had one for my iPhone 5 and I have the rose gold and it matches perfectly! I recommend it and if you have whatever color phone you have like me I would go for the purple one. :)
 Camo pattern is relatively easy to chip/scratch but I use the provided clip therefore the phone case is introduced to several obstacles throughout the day!
 She loves it!! Thanks
 Had it for at least 6 months under pretty harsh conditions and it’s held up very well.
 Great quality and I love it. I am an Otterbox girl though, comes in handy with twin toddlers throwing your phone around. Never had a broken phone.
 Otterbox is the best, I have NEVER had a phone break in my otterbox defenders! I only use Otterboxes!
 Put it to use right away - does well.  I could wish that the opening to the lightning cable slot was hinged, though - it's probably going to wear and fall off in a short time.
 Not as durable. This is the second clip I buy.
 As far as I am concerned this is the best  there is  for now
 Perfect as always Otterbox is the best, don't leave home without it
 Love it!! Now i don't have to worry about my new iPhone.
 My daughter loves it , we have no complaints
 Bought it as a gift because of the case's ability to protect and the bold style. It was well received.
 The case protects the phone very well from damage. The flap that comes out for charging will eventually fall off due to opening it every day, but no complaints other than that
 Just what we needed to protect the phone.
 Love the case, good quality..Highly recommended.
 works great
 It's ok
 Great for those of us who ALWAYS drop things!
 I loved, good quality
 My favorite phone case!  Not too thick and easy to use, doesn't slide out of my husband's pocket either. Highly recommend!
 This an awesome option for iPhone.....it has kept my phone safe even when I drop it(not a scratch on my iPhone)
 Works as it should
 I like that this case is less bulky than my last Otterbox, which successfully protected my iPhone 5 for nearly four years. This case is simple to put on the phone, but I think the little click tabs that close the clamshell design will wear out over time. It is a minor PITA to get the case off the phone for cleaning.
 Good
 Thank u
 The case came dirty. There was some black spots that can't be removed
 Works great
 heard a lot about it. The screen completely shattered despite having this cover on. Crazy part is It wasn't even on the concrete. It fell on a hardwood floor. very disappointing
 Good price and no issues so far
 My phone cannot even pick up service with this case on it!
 Great case.  Great price!  Love the protection it gives the iphone 7.
 Otterbox phone case provides superior protection for my phones.  the protective screen, easy grip case and shock resistant design are must haves.  wish they had more color choices though.
 Great price for an excellent product
 While the case does its job in keeping my phone safe and protected, I have to give it a low rating because the outside color rubs off the edges leaving this case to look dirty after only a 2-3 months of use! It's really disappointing after spending so much money and coming from a company who's product I normally trust.
 What can I say Otter Defender its Otter Defender!!
 awesome product
 Good quality, good product.
 Great value. The colors are even better than pictured.
 This is the second otterbox I've purchased for my wide. First one was for her iPhone 6 and stood the test of time against the madness of a three year old and being dropped many times. Otterbox even went as far as replacig the rubber shell when my wife complained of premature discoloration.<br/><br/>This new box we expect the same level of quality and overall one can feel it. It is well put together, made of good abd toughnquakity material and fits like a glove.
 Works great.  I wouldn't buy a new phone without providing it with an Otter Box.  And the price was quite reasonable.
 Great!
 Love otter box! Saves my phone from my 2 yr old
 Stylish and fits my iPhone 7 perfectly! I have a five year old who can be quite clumsy with my phone. She's dropped it several time since I got the otter box. No cracks, chips or, scratches. Definitely worth the investment!!
 This is my second Defender, as I upgraded my phone. If you don't like carrying your phone in a pocket and like a belt mount...this is the solution.
 Love the color and was way cheaper to buy here instead of at verizion w my 33% discount
 It offers great protection for our iphone 7, not bulky and 100% authentic otter box
 Love Otterbox cases. I've never had a broken phone with one.<br/>Terrell
 Love it
 Got this today and love it
 My son loves the camouflage look. He’s dropped it several times and his iPhone 8 is still in perfect condition.
 I'm writing this review long after getting the case in the mail.<br/><br/>The 5 stars are not enough! I did the ultimate test of this case (unintentionally) when I dropped my phone down an ELEVATOR SHAFT from the 3rd floor of a building. Got my phone Back today in perfect condition. Worth every penny I spent.
 Have my new iPhone 8 for 2 weeks &amp; already dropped it 3 times on tile floor...OtterBox Defender protects it 100% every time!  :)
 Well made. Takes a lot of abuse and protects phone
 I use this case for my I phone 8 it protects my phone reall well  . I love the colors to it jsut gets kinda dirty inderneith kinda fast but over all I’m happy with my case
 Very pleased!
 Perfect and fast shipp
 I like the durability but could have done without the wasted clip on.
 Dropped phone and the back of my phone still cracked.
 This is a good case. Using on the already water resistant iPhone. I've dropped it a couple times and it seems to be bouncy enough to deflect. However, where the menu button is, it seems to be getting pull d apart at the seam. May update if it starts to actually pull apart.
 My daughter loves it
 Fantastic very well protected
 I am very rough with my phone which is why I purchase expensive phone cases. This my third Otterbox and it is already falling apart after only a couple of months. The other cases lasted a little longer which is why I purchased it again.
 was really good
 Very durable and good customer service
 Fit perfect great product fast shipping!
 Very good product. However, it doesn't seem to seat level and wobble just a bit...
 It's a case
 Always buy a otter box
 This case is great. The only problem I’ve had and this is probably just manufacture at fault but this case actually doesn’t fit my iPhone 7, it’s pretty loose and just not staying...
 Can't imagine buying a $700+ phone and not wrapping it in an Otter
 I liked case at first, but within a couple of months the rubber edging is coming loose.  I'm already wanting to find another case.  Not what I expected from the Otterbox Brand
 Perfect.
 Love it
 You will not be disappointed if you purchase one
 Great protection, but sometimes touch screen is unresponsive. . .
 Gets a little dusty in between the screen and cover. No bigs. You’re a big boy, open it up and clean it.
 Product was just as advertised.
 Best phone cover ever!
 Works Great.  Fits perfect.  Ive been using the otterbox for years in a tough work environment and have never scratched or damaged a phone.
 OtterBox cases are always the most reliable. I've used them for my last 3 phones and each time I take my phone out of the case, it looks brand new.  And I drop my phone daily due to klutziness and thankfully OtterBox saves me each time!
 I really like this case - it's secure, I like the design, and it doesn't affect any of the haptic touch features.
 Love all the OtterBox products!!
 It is working great for me.  It has a built in screen protector that is hard to keep clean, but you don’t have to fight with the tempered glass covers.
 Was an excellent price and fits perfectly.  Have only had it a day or two so it's hard to tell how it will be in the long run, but I've had this case on my previous phone and have been very happy with it.
 Liked
 If you drop your phone a lot more bang it around this is the case you need
 Love the colors looks more grey to me
 I really love this case. I just hoped i found this before i broke my screen. I just put the 2 layers and not the outer one. Too bulky. Had to watch a video on youtube to put it on.
 Amazing, I like the black because you can’t see how dirty your case it and it goes with everything. As many times as I’ve dropped my phone the otter box defends and I haven’t had a single crack!
 Fast shipping an easier then my last otter box
 Fits my iPhone &amp; perfectly.  Fingerprint recognition is not affected by the thin clear plastic cover placed over it.
 Good price, don't last that long though.
 Love it must buy!
 Love it
 The black rubber coating has been peeling off<br/>Other than that it does the work it is suppose to
 Buttons don’t work that well
 Like the durability of these. Only buy OtterBox.
 Doesn’t impede touch
 Fits perfectly works great easy to put on phone
 Pretty straight forward. Best and only case to have to protect your IPhone.
 After only a few months, The rubber on this product stretched from me opening the piece at the bottom to insert the plug. I have never removed it from the casing but the rubber expanded.  I have to purchase a new/different one because there is not protection with this one.
 Excellent heavy duty product
 Love the overall protection and tactile feel. The protective cover for the charging port is a bit stiff/snug, but that should be considered a plus as it truly protects your investment.
 Very pleased with purchase.  Have received compliments galore!  Very good price and product!
 Although this case is really cute, it attracts dirt like crazy. I don't have a particularly dirty job (I'm a teacher), and most of the time I use the black plastic belt clip at school to keep it clean. I am also a VERY clean person, and I frequently use disinfect wipes on my phone. But to no avail. I have had this case for less than three months, and already the sides are so dark I need to get rid of it. I have tried everything to get the dirt off, even magic eraser, but nothing works. I am super bummed to have spent sixty dollars on a case, only to have to buy a new one so soon. In short, I would not recommend this case unless you live in a bubble.
 Love it, Love it, Love it!<br/><br/>I have been a user of OtterBox Defender series since iPhone 4 and now, iPhone is on 7. That's about 6 years of using OtterBox. What's not to love about them?<br/><br/>It protects your phone from drop damage and light sprinkle. Whenever I change to new model of iPhone (every year), I will take it out of the box and the phone will look like it just came from the Apple. No scratches, dents.<br/><br/>One thing that I wish OtterBox will implentment is the bigger charging port. With some of my super duty charging cable, I find that the port is too small.
 If you drop your phone a lot or bang it around this is the case you need
 Sturdy, protective case.
 It appears that it will protect my iPhone 8 as the old one did my 5S. I don't like the clip that locks the phone to the holster. The clip is shorter and doesn't click in easily.
 Case is slowly falling apart
 great case like it alot
 Built like a tank. Just what I wanted.
 not for listed phone. does not fit!!. spoke with Otterbox representative and unable to fit phone in case. either incorrectly packed or mislabeled!
 Love this phone case..have bought it multiple time for different phones
 Awesome cover and protects my phone amazingly!
 I bought this case for an iphone 8. It shipped quickly and is super durable and easy to apply. If you do need to take it off I suggest consulting a YouTube tutorial.
 Very durable
 Fits perfect and excellent quality. Cannot use my phone without it!!!!
 Perfect fit. Love the design. Fast shipping.
 Protects my new Iphone 7 very well, especially the screen
 Otter box is the best quality protection you can buy
 Liked that it still had a screen protector bc the ones for the x don’t
 Great case for my teenage boy! Super durable!
 THE BEST
 My phone broke after dropping it once in this box. I purchased a cheaper plastic box for $10 and it works better
 Great protection for my iPhone works well even when I drop it
 You can not go wrong with otter.
 Otterbox defender is ALWAYS great!
 Works perfect.
 Rubber doesn’t even fit case properly and screen proctor is crap. Seller won’t contact me back either
 Great! Item as expected.
 It’s being returned. The screen on the Otterbox interferes with the touch mechanism of the iPhone 8- making it unusable. Very bad design or testing or both. Too bad. Try again Otterbox.
 Just what I wanted.  Did not care for the built in screen protector but it was very easy to remove and did no damage to the case.
 Great quality, no issues and fast delivery!
 Love this otter box!
 Good for protecting and happy with it
 Love this I’m actually happy I went with the all black color more sleek nice feel!! Snapping it together is annoying but I love this otter box :)
 Excellent protection, best case I've ever owned
 Great product. Came in original Otter Box packaging.
 Shipped fast &amp; is great quality.
 I've used Otterbox for years and never had a problem. I never worry if my phone falls out of my pocket or gets knocked off the counter. I know it is well protected
 perfect, protects my phone just like I need
 Nice phone cover as advertised
 Bought for our teen son after 2 broken I phones, so far, so good..his older brother has one and his I phone escaped undamaged afrer  a horrible car crash and impact with the ground.
 I always have this case on my phone. Durable and protective.
 It's an otterbox 5 star.
 Great
 The OtterBox keeps getting better and better.  Went away from black on black this time, so I could identify my phone quicker at work.
 Use the previous Defender case for 4 years, now getting two more, one for an old phone and one for my new phone.<br/>Definitely saves the screen from dropping!
 Great case. Very durable. Easy to install
 Always pleased with otterBox defender series.  Bulky and heavy but your device will be protected.
 A little bulky, but overall very good! I’d definitely buy this again!! If this makes or breaks your decision, I’d say for you to go for it!!! 😀
 Fits perfect, buttons work, no problems.  Would buy again.
 I really like this case. It did well and it's really pretty.
 My last phone bent so I got this case to make sure it doesn’t happen again
 Awesome product!
 Love the designs
 Fits perfect. Love it. Buttons all work great
 Great otterbox and I still have it.
 Great price &amp; keeps my phone safe!
 Received iPhone 7 case yesterday, Sunday.  It was perfect!  Glad I ordered it!  No complaints!<br/><br/>Thanks!
 I love the whole OttorBox line and it’s about the only case I trust to have on my iPhone. I love the color and it fits perfectly on my iPhone 8.
 Louse quality. the material peels right off it feels sticky to touch from day one was going to return it but will have to pay 6.40$ in shipping.<br/>not happy  Used Otter cases before and they were always better then this cheap quality
 Beautiful color but stains so bad 😩
 Was everything you come to expect from otterbox thank you for making a quality product in an age where everything is made so cheaply but outrageously over priced.
 My phone screen is cracked and I sent an email to otter and haven’t had a reply so I’m just a little jaded about the quality of the product.
 So far, so good - my wife hasn't busted her new iPhone yet because of this case.
 Love the quality
 Shipped quickly, clear instructions for installation, doesn't create any issues with using my iPhone and I expect it to provide the advertised protection but don't intend to test that intentionally.
 Awesome product.  Won't use any other phone case.
 Works for the most part like any other otter box I have ever had. But It does keep getting dirt and sand into the case from just being in my pocket.
 Great case.  Sturdy and durable.
 I always buy otter box products but this real tree defender series case is starting to rub off already. I have already contacted customer service and they were nice enough to replace the case for me.
 Wish I had bought my first OtterBox DefenderCase here
 It’s an otterbox. What more do you need to know?
 The case got dirty within a week and will not wash off no matter what we use to clean it with. Would not recommend.
 Decent case for the money
 I bought this for my kids, Its too big for me, I prefer the Commuter, but it offers great protection for anyone really worried about dropping it, and dropping it again.
 This product was shipped very quickly and came as described I even ordered a second one to have as a back up
 Love my Otter Boxes.
 sturdy design; I love it, especially the plastic screen protector.
 Great once I had it on the phone.  A bit complicated to figure out how to open the case but worth the time.
 Works great!
 Product was not durable or long lasting at all. Case was damaged in under 5 months after purchase. Very disappointing
 This thing does protect the phone but cuts the performance WAY down. Texting and navigating the internet is a frustrating nightmare!  Don’t buy this case. Please refund me!
 Great cover .... covers screen, too. Color looks just like picture. Love it
 I absolutely love this case. It is very durable and looks great also. I would definitely recommend.
 Excellent product. Have been using these defender cases for 7years. Excellent customer service from otterbox. My phones are used and abused and these cases keep them looking new. Only give 4 stars because unlike life proof they aren't waterproof if yu drop them in the lake!
 What am I missing?  I have a new iPhone 8 and the screen over the Otter Box won't allow me to type.  I have to push a letter 50 times before it appears on my screen?  Are others having this same issue?
 Really enjoying my case. Not bulky, but love the protection the ports and buttons receive. Makes a giant phone not feel quite as giant and yet still pretty
 Good fit
 It's a great case for protecting your phone but the plastic part over the home button wouldn't let the home button read my fingerprint to unlock my phone.
 Purchased this for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it.  2 days after she put it on the phone, it began to fade to a tan color.  It now looks as though the edges of her case are dirty  very disappointed.
 Have had this case for four weeks and the camio pattern has already worn off. Other than that it is rugged and tough.
 Great fit on the phone.
 The case came brand new sealed in the box. I’ve never bought a defender series case and it’s the probably best one I’ve ever had! I have no doubt my phone will stay in great shape with this case. I’m obsessing over it!
 Good product, well built
 Product works fine for I phone 8.
 My husband loves the quality and the dark blue color.
 Perfect for my 7! Love the colors and it fits perfectly!
 Love love love the case beautiful color and durable! Screen proctor fits flawless no needing to press hard on the screen.
 This case is great. Very pretty, and strong to protect my phone.
 I love this item
 Item arrived promptly as promised. Instructions included were helpful. Is rugged and will protect my phone as I had hoped. I like the improvements that have been made since the 5 model. I haven't had issues with the screen response as had been noted in reviews I had read before purchasing.
 Perfect!
 This is the second Otterbox I have owned.  The case is good, it protects your phone no doubt for all drops etc.  However the outer layer is rubber and peels off.
 Love this case, wish they made more fun patterns to choose from
 iPhone 7 terrible fit. It actually moves around in the case and my phone Has already been to the repair shop to repair ‘loose pieces’
 Great phone protection
 Best protective case out there. Great fit and function
 Otter used to be very good! Now the case is pealing after one month. I can’t type with their cheap plastic cover
 Always an excellent product
 If you want to protect your phone, don't waste your time looking anything else. This is the case to buy if you want to be worry-free.
 It is very hard to open and the screen not the same quality as my old case<br/>It looks very nice I got a lot of compliments and provides a great protection
 Got this for my teenage granddaughter. She’s already dropped her phone 2x with no damage. She loves the color.
 A lot cheaper then the phone store. And same quality case.
 I Paid for and received exactly what I was expecting  with no regrets
 Great product and a great price
 Husband loves it.
 Fits perfectly. My niece loves other.
 Came with everything described in the description. Pretty contrast of purples and the case is perfect.
 I love this phone case!! Such a pretty color and I love the small polka dots. Best Buy had it for $50 and I bought it on here for $20 less. So happy with my purchase! It also came in the mail in two days.
 I purchased this phone case for a family at a fraction of the retail price with zero compromise in the integrity of the item .
 Great product
 Fits perfect. Durable product.
 Perfect fit for my iPhone 8 and couldn’t be the price for how durable it is.
 Excellent
 I liked that I got it within less than a week after ordering it and that I don't have to worry about my 12 yr old breaking her practically new iPhone because she's always dropping it
 This case began to peel within just a few months of use. Love otterbox but this design is flawed!
 I love it!
 Really frustrating to order with the expectation that you will receive the correct product, but the case you recieved is the opposite of the description. I ordered the regular iPhone 7 case and got IPhone 7 Plus.
 Yes I am very pleased with my otterBox it fits my phone really well,its not too bulky,fits in my pocket and purse,and my husband likes it because he can carry it in his pocket without damaging his phone,thank you very much.
 I don't really like all the pink on the front of the case. I didn't know it would look like this. I thought most of it would be purple. But it's pretty sturdy, I'm used to it now and plan to keep it.
 Sent it back wrong size. It was my fault.
 I do not own a smart phone that does not have a Defender Series Otterbox on it!!
 Strong, pretty, so slip, full protection
 Protects my phone
 Like it overall but the charging port cover seems to be put on backwards
 The only reason why I gave 4 instead of 5 is the color. Although it is a pretty color it already looks very used and old. With it being light in color and rubber it looks very dirty. Would suggest darker color
 I don’t buy anything other than an otter box case. It has never failed me. Worth the money
 By viewing the picture, you would believe this otter box to be navy blue and grey but upon receiving it, it is dark purple with a greenish grey.
 Best phone case!
 Otterboxes are just awesome
 Perfect iPhone 7 case.
 The case will  protect the phone however I can’t type anything because the plastic Covering. If you don’t type and only dictate your messages it may be a good cover for you. I will be returning mine.
 It was exactly what I needed to protect my phone. I'm a construction superintendent, and in and out of the site can create many challenges. The case has met them all!!
 It’s an Otter Box product; what else do I need to say.
 Got it for my husbands phone and so far, good.
 the case has saved my phone more than once it has made my phone handling experience some much easier. but the screen on the front to protect the screen is ass so I ripped it off and it was fine so its pretty good
 I’ve had 3 Otterbox Defenders. Absolutely hands down the best phone cases. Little glitch in the delivery but could not be helped. Due to a huge monster snow storm. Price was beyond great!
 Pretty good case.  Covers everything except front and rear cameras.  Doesn't slide around easily which I like.  That means it's harder to take out of your pocket.  Easy sacrifice for me to make.  The flap covering the charger on the 5s version would cause the lower part of the case to bulge and fit improperly.  I'm sure this will happen with all defender series cases over time.  There is now a separate piece of plastic covering the home button.  This helps with the dust and dirt getting inside the case.<br/><br/>I like getting these cases because I stop using them after about a year and a half and I feel like I have a new phone all over again.  It physically feels new without the case on it and there are no blemishes so it looks absolutely new.
 Just what she wanted
 That is what happened in 3 month of using
 I'm a repeated consumer and bought it for a first time iPhone owner.
 fits perfectly
 A+
 It's perfect
 This phone case is so effective and nice!
 Great quality &amp; it protects my iPhone.
 I love the color and the fast shipping.  Thank you!
 My husband loved it!
 Good quality after just a few months the backing has started to peel
 Great bargain and serviceable item.
 favorite color.
 ALWAYS get an otter box defender series for all of my phones I have ever had. I am loving my phone cover!
 I only by Otterbox cases for my IPhone.  Very protective.
 Good
 I did like this case until it started peeling I also drop this phone in the case and my phone still cracked on the side by the camera.
 Awesome case, I dropped the phone like 100 times and it’s still good. Thank god for these cases.
 There's this product was great at first but after about two weeks  it started picking up the color of everything that it touched.
 very durable I bought this for my 13 year old and she has dropped it a lot and not one thing has happened to her phone.
 Awesome case! Only thing I did to mine was remove the screen protector it came with because my phone wouldn't fit with the other screen protector I had on it.
 This case is awesome!! It protects my cellphone very well. Fast shipping.
 Does job well.
 Perfect fit and protects the phone.
 Great case for the iPhone
 Great case. Protected phone extremely well. Dropped it on concret, tile, wood floors, not a scratch. Only problem is the light blue color gets dirty SO EASY. I couldn't even stand to look at it after a few weeks, and eventually got a new case.
 I bought this phone case for my wife and she absolutely loves it! Very strong durable and looks to last year‘s. Thank you.
 The case itself is great, but my finger print reader doesn't work anymore. I also tried to register a new finger with the case on but my scanner won't work.
 I ordered for my husband, he likes it
 Good product, great price.
 I love this case. Very easy to put on and the price was great!
 I was very disappointed in this case because it did not seem to fit secure enough. When you wanted to type on your keyboard you had to press so hard to get it to work and it was very frustrating
 loves it!
 I am still using this and its working fine for me. i recommended to all.
 I love these two colors together
 Very nice cover, looks better in real than in picture. Recommend it.
 Keeps my phone safe.
 I work in a die cast shop and I wouldn’t put anything less on my phone.
 great case
 really protect my phone
 The best cases are made by OtterBox. I buy one every time I get a new phone. I have bought others to save a buck, but always end up getting an OtterBox!
 Extremely disappointed with this case. The clear screen protector is positioned so there is a huge gap between the actual screen and the plastic. I can barely type. I am upset because I have loved OtterBox products in the past but Im unable to use my phone with this case.
 I liked the color which is why I picked this. However, because it is light in color, it's already looking dirty after a few weeks.
 Wonder case!!!
 Great case I have had one on my old phone for 3 years would not buy anything else. Saved my phone countless times!
 Very sturdy
 Good quality
 I brought it for my 10 year and it’s the best. No cracks on her screen yet thanks to the case.
 What can I say, it’s an Otterbox! Not my first and definitely not my last. Great protection at a great price.
 Love it. Excellent case
 Cheaper to order online than to buy from a store. My case is working fine so far.
 I love my new OtterBox.
 love it
 Good protection when working outdoors.
 Love it!!!
 Perfect case.  Looks good on the phone.
 Excellent product. As advertised
 it works for me
 Great!
 A really good phone case, pretty protective although hard to remove it does the job!
 I WOULD BUY THIS AGAIN. IT IS BTTER THAN REPLACING YOUR SCREEN.
 Good strong case.
 Good thanks
 Phone case arrived as described, on time. Great case. Would order again.
 Very well made and good protection for the phone. It arrived promptly also. Very satisfied.
 Very satisfied!
 Sturdy, great price, fast shipping.
 Great price.  Better than purchasing at the store.  Love the color.
 Recomendado 100%
 This otter box was supposed to be blue and teal and it came with navy. Someone must have switched and sent it back. The case doesn’t even fit together
 Thanks.
 I was hesitant t order a “used” item but, I was very pleased with this product. I think I’ll order another one in a different color and/or style!
 Glass is much better than they used to be. No gaps. Can’t beat the price if you can stand the color.
 Cute case! Provides great protection. I've dropped my new Iphone 7 a couple of times, no worries when I have this case on!
 I've been using same case for years; amazing the abuse that these things will take.
 Great protection in that sturdy Otter Box kind-of-way, but really, lose the protective screen cover.  It doesn't adhere to the glass thereby hindering smooth navigation.  I removed mine and it is now the perfect Otter!
 I just installed this case on my new phone and it’s super loose and isn’t clicking all the way. I don’t want to write a negative review because the service has been awesome but I couldn’t see where I could email to resolve the issue
 great item.
 The case is awesome. Exactly what I was looking for.
 It fits the phone tightly and protects it well. It's very grippy and I haven't dropped the phone once since using it. I don't use the belt holder.
 Great
 Used for my I phone 8. It is pretty easy to put on but taking it apart is hard. It’s a solid and durable case.
 Protects the phone very well.
 It's cute and I drop my phone all the time and it's held it together. I swear by otter boxes, they're the best!!
 Arrived on rime, item as described. Didn't need to order a screen protector.
 Very pleased with this purchase,<br/>Good quality
 Now I have to figure out how to use the phone
 The touch isn’t sensitive enough with this case. But the protection is almost absolute.
 Great case - exactly as expected!
 It was an excellent purchase, I am very satisfied and this product exceeded my expectations .. thank you very much and greetings from Costa Rica ...
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
 THE COLOR SHE WANTED
 Haven’t had but few weeks and the camp print is almost gone. Had many cases just like this that never did this. Believe it’s a FAKE!!
 Love this case, my son has dropped his phone a few times now and the otter box case has done its job!
 Love this case! Very cute and different from other otterboxes and I get compliments on it all the time! Always use an otterbox for my phones and when I take them out to clean the case, the phone looks like it did the first day I bought it!
 Excellent case!  OTTER boxes are the best!!
 Perfect fit and brand islegit!
 It just like in the picture
 Dropped my phone plenty of times and the case has done its job.
 This might be my 3rd or 4th OtterBox Defender (1 for each phone over the years) and I keep buying them because they work so well!  My last one is still going strong on my iPhone 6 after 3 years!  I have a toddler and a newborn so my phone gets dropped on occasion.  I'll be honest - my phone was dropped occasionally BEFORE I had kids too!  And my phone was never harmed.  Never a broken screen.  I will say that the case can get pretty dirty though.  It's difficult to clean the little crevices and angles on the front, but I think it's worth it to protect the phone.  My only other complaint is that it makes the phone, which seems to just keep getting bigger with each new model, pretty big.  It's not a big deal for me, since I just carry it in my purse most of the time, but I could see how it might be a problem for someone who wants to carry their phone in their pocket.
 Great!!!!!
 perfect fit for iphone 8.  lots of protection
 Buying from amazon means you don’t get the  one year warranty and when your holster breaks after a few months you are out of luck
 The Otterbox of my dreams.
 The main reason for this purchase is to protect the phone, which it does. The only issue is that the case makes it difficult to open the slide up menu to access the flashlight, which I use daily.
 This case did not fit properly.  It is advertised as an iPhone 8 or 7.  It clearly fits the iPhone7 but not the 8.  Very disappointed.
 I love my case!
 Everything came all great
 TOTAL JUNK!!! Very disappointed in Otterbox. It stretched out so bad in 3 months that it wouldn't hold the phone. TOTAL RIP-OFF!!!
 Good Otterbox protection, but poor finish! This case is only two months old!
 Case doesn't add much to the size of your phone but adds a great deal of protection!
 Price is way better than it would be at Best Buy. Looks and feels great.
 This must be a knock off on amazon , I have had the same camo otter box for my last 3 phones and have never had the back deteriorate with in 2 months of having it . Not satisfied
 Works like a charm.
 The case fits my iPhone 7 perfectly.  It was easy to put on and protects well.
 Perfect.  Exactly the one my son saw and wanted when we picked up his new phone, but $20 less!
 Jump n my case no problem
 This case is really great !
 Amazing case. Protects the phone very well.
 Works great.
 Great product, made a mistake and changed over to Tech21 on my last phone, went back to Otter Box and am glad that I did!
 Protects my phone! Love it
 Awesome case
 Very good!
 The screen doesn't lay flat against the phone and makes it difficult to type.
 I love it.Yes,I would buy this again.
 Sturdy enough for my fumbly self, has already been dropped three times with no signs of damage,
 usual great otter product
 Best every
 Works like it should and looks great
 good case
 The plastic scratched up right away. I've never had this problem with an otter box plastic shield.
 Loved it and it came right on time! A few hours earlier than expected! Happy customer!
 Perfect.
 Have used the defender for years and never broken or messed up an iPhone. Best case ever.
 great transaction with seller. exactly as described. fits phone perfectly. love the color.
 Love how sturdy it is-very secure-only thing I wish it had is a “kickstand” to hold it up for selfies
 I really thought this would be the perfect case yet to find out it’s not water proof so I do not recommend this
 Great item!!
 Your phone is always safe in an " Otter Box " A very durable case that can stand the abuse most phones face .
 Product as described!  Fast shipping!  Unbeatable prices!
 The product arrived two days earlier than expected, which was a great surprise. &amp; as for the product itself, it is much better than previous styles. Better quality all around.
 It fit my i6
 Keeps phone safe
 The package said 6s, but this case is for a 6 plus.  Going to need to send it back.
 This case is so cool, its very firm and it’s feel comfy in the hand
 Great phone protection. Very clean and slim.
 Otterbox is a great phone case, especially if you have toddlers that throw and drop your phone.
 My son can destroy anything. The otter box has so far protected his phone
 Love it!
 GREAT!
 This is the second defender I bought for my husband that broke. Disappointed!
 Nice case. Protects phone well
 Great case. I have had one for each iPhone. Very durable and great customer care.
 Very nice! Looks adorable and holding up very well
 Love it it arrived on time it's pretty and I'm excited
 Great product!
 Rubber peeled off of the case within two weeks. Looks like crap now and is falling apart. Used to think OtterBox was high quality.
 It works it’s durable but the screen protection seems lacking. And it prevents the addition of other screen protectors.
 This phone cover is awesome !!! I’ve always used the OtterBox defender series on all my phones and it keeps the as if they were new !! With the line of work that I’m in we are tough on our phones ... Thanks OtterBox ....
 Exactly as expected. Fits the iPhone 8 perfectly! Love the color scheme and everything about the OtterBox series.
 It is a great case, but no one can hear you with the case on - everyone complains that it sounds like I am under water. Protects the phone, but prohibits use as a phone. Looking for another case.
 after 3 weeks the belt clip came off of the case holder, it was attached but out of the blue the belt clip and case holder was as one,.<br/> purchased on 4/18 - 5/2 broke
 It protects the phone but has one major design flaw. The cover completely covers up the microphones on the bottom of the phone on either side of the lightning port. Makes it very difficult to talk on speaker with this phone case on. SO annoying!!
 Design
 The best phone I had, easy to use and berry reliable and berry long battery life, I'm able to talk and listen all day with out having to change and a berry good Apple support
 gets dirty fast
 great cover happy with it
 Otter Boxes always fit great, this one is no exception. Highly recommended!
 This case was so much easier to install than my previous otter box. I love it
 Always dependable. Never broke a phone as long as it's been in an Otter Box. Worth every penny
 This is the only case I recommend my teenager to use on his phone. Very sturdy and protects your valuable phone from drops.
 Dropped it twice already and phone works perfect, just like all of my past Otter Boxes.
 Lets you hand your iPhone to young children without worrying that they'll break it.
 As promised and cheaper than in big box store.
 Very pleased, feels good to hold and durable
 Otter box works great! Has saved the phone from many drops!! I give it a thumbs up 👍🏼
 With the cover of the Defender series I could not swipe my IPhone.  I returned and went with the OtterBox Pursit instead.
 Flaw is the screen. I cut it out to use an actual screen protector
 He likes his case
 I love otter cases
 this  product is the best for keeping phone from damage
 Outer Box Is The Way To Go !!!! Good Case
 the outer section stretched out
 Great case. Good value
 Great price, durable and cute!
 Love it, but the light color gets dirty.
 As expected. Dust gets under the front cover. Have to take off and clean regularly.
 Great deal and does the job.
 Great protection for my iPhone at a very good price.
 This keeps my husband's phone safe.  He drops it all the time LOL.
 The case is durable and protective yet slim enough to easily slide in one's pocket.
 Great protection for my phone. Had my phone 10 days before I got this and did not take phone anywhere for fear of dropping it, which I've done many times since the Otterbox has been attached
 good product, great price. definitely beats store prices. highly recommend
 Protects phone
 Excellent
 Water still leaked through this case when I accidentally spilled water in my bag.
 The camo is already peeling, rubbing off.
 I swear by my Otter Box!  I've read some of the other reviews and have to to say I was quite surprised by some of the complaints.  I do however think there are people out there who think once the put a case on their phones (no matter who the maker) they can just treat them however and then want to blame the case maker when something goes wrong with their phone.  Even with a case, I still treat my phone like a child.  After all, I paid a lot of money for my new iPhone 7.  I've had iPhones since the iPhone 4s and am now to the iPhone 7, each phone has always had an Otter Box from purchase to when I sell the phone and upgrade.  Each time I've taken the old phone out before selling and it looks still to be in perfect condition.  I love the Otter Box!
 Excellent product. Also, great service.
 It’s so sturdy.
 Great product
 it is the perfect case, got it on sale for 20 bucks!
 I love the Defender Series.  Having a small child, this case protects the phone against breakage and a destructive 2 year old.
 excellent
 Love the otter box.. yes indeed!
 Love it.
 Muffles the sound of your voice.
 awesome case
 Love the color love the structure made well will last long time very happy with this purchase
 I’ve used these with my previous phones wouldn’t use anything else
 The screen cover isn’t what I expected. Seems cheaply made. Expected better.
 Love it!
 Dropped the phone on concrete, not a scratch.
 Loved the color, after a few months the back started peeling.
 All good
 Works and fits great
 I usually don't write reviews but this case is great! It protects my phone so well, but is still easy to disassemble and clean if needed. I really like that there is a screen cover built in. Overall great case!
 great price and product
 Probably the best you can buy.  Otter is tops.
 As I occasionally drop my phone, this product provides just the protection for my phone that I need.  I owned a similar case for my IPhone 5, and because I was completely satisfied with it, I knew that this is exactly what I wanted when I upgraded to a 7.
 I have the light teal polka dot case.  The Case protects, but I’ve had it for just a few weeks and it’s starting to discolor already from handiling.
 The only thing I don't like about this case is the screen protector.  It doesn't lay flat on the screen and sometimes it is difficult to press the screen.
 Great case as expected
 Good fit and good protection, will buy another one of a different color.
 As always great product and quality!
 Beautiful and sturdy!
 Touch screen is harder to get phone functions to react but it protects great
 Excellent case!  Used them for years now and have yet to break a face or phone. The holster always gets broken somewhere but phone is well protected. Fishing hunting or in the boardroom, no problems here.
 Fits iPhone 8 well . Fast shipping.
 Great product as most otter boxes are. Seller was amazing! We got it well before estimate!
 Said it was for my regular iPhone 7. Sucks! Doesn’t fit my phone. Sent one way too big. Look at the product description picture doesn’t look anything like it
 This product fit my phone fine but the screen protector doesn’t make contact with my phones screen. Making it hard to type.
 This case is great but the plastic keeps peeling off. This is the second case of this kind. The first time i thought it was a defect.
 Love Otterbox! Pleased with this one.
 Works great but expensive. Youmaker brand is much cheaper and just as good.
 Very good and protective case!! The only bad thing is that the little plastic 'screen protector' (idk what it's called) on the front gets all the dust and dirt stuck. It's probably just me though😞
 Love the color
 Water comes right through the case.  It is good for protecting from a fall but not water.
 My otterbox defender series case arrived prior the to holiday and has been very efficient in serving its protection purpose for my iPhone 7.
 Just as expected. Much better price than in store!
 Just bought this a month ago and the plastic part of the case has already chipped, a piece is about to break off.. very disappointed..
 Been waiting for this case! Exactly what I needed to protect my iPhone 7, fits perfect
 Its a very nice case as I have been using it so far!
 I love everything about this case
 I am quite clumsy and drop my phone alot not a scratch or a crack on it GREAT product!!!
 Nice otter box defender series case. Seems very sturdy and has a good gripping material.
 Protects the phone perfectly! Easy to use!
 Great product but I order the wrong size, to return it would’ve costed me $7 I thought amazon had free returns so I wasted money.
 The screen protector is flimsy and doesn't fit right making texting and touching the screen difficult and not accurate. The rest of the case was perfect, it was just the screen protector I didn't like.
 My daughter loves it.
 Total protection awesome.
 Awesome protection and looks
 Exactly what I wanted. Love the color. Took me a little while to figure out how to separate the two parts. Fits my phone perfectly!
 I love Otterbox Defender cases but only a day after my daughter having this on her phone the case started fading from being held. I am returning for a refund. Really disappointed.
 Love the color and durability of this case!
 Very nice! Looks good with my Matte black iPhone. Also not as big as I thought which is good because I personally don’t like using the clip.
 solid case , been dropped a few times already, wears well
 too big to carry arround
 I only buy otterbox defender cases for my phones.  Great product.
 I drop it all the time. This case does the job. Awesome for if you are rough on your phone.
 Love it
 Great service and product!  Many thanks for that!!
 Great case! Not bulky and easily fits in pocket. I would buy again.
 Dropped phone many times and this one always did its job
 Paid for 2 day shipping and I got it in 2 days good product
 Worse case ever. I had my phone on the bathroom counter when I showered and several times moisture got inside. I was under the impression this wasn't supposed to happen.
 Love otter box and the color is awesome!
 Love the case for the price. Fits perfect for the iPhone 7s. No issues.
 The case doesn't fit firmly on my phone.  When I type, I have to type hard for it to recognize all the letters.  :-(
 Ran over it with a skidsteer! OOPS!!! But phone survived with no damage.
 This is an awesome product! And awesome is short to describe it!!!
 I work around a lot of dust and it keeps getting between the case and the screen. The camo backing is coming loose but I think I will just glue it back on before waiting on another case to arrive.
 It became lose within a few months of use and is already falling apart. Please note that I have not been opening it often to clean. Maybe once in several months.
 Just what I needed to protect my phone plus it’s pretty!
 I love it just what I wanted.
 I love it, is it fine for protect the phone.
 I’ve had otter box on my cell phone for year and never had a problem with this product
 This case is too big for my iPhone 8 it does not even stay on it well and cannot work buttons
 easy to put on my phone and protective. always buy this case
 A must have when you buy a phone that expensive highly recommended
 It protects my phone well but the back is peeling and the plastic over the home button has lost its seal.
 I love this product!  I love the protection it provides for my phone!
 Worth the money. You won’t regret it.
 6th case ever.. love em
 Good product
 Tight fit and excellent protection. Protective firm feeling grip. Snaps together easily.
 LOVE my case!!!!
 The case itself seems very durable but the Touch ID feature on my phone did not work while my phone was in this case.
 I love the Otterbox.  It does an amazing job at protecting my phone.
 Thank you
 Great overall case, however plastic screen protector leaves a lot to be desired. Texting is fine however pulling up menus by swiping is hit and miss
 OtterBox arrived early and is a great phone case.
 I am not very happy with this case. I dont know if the belt clip is faulty but i have noticed that my phone falls out of the clip a lot more then previous cbelt clips.
 The otterbox really did outlive the phone that was in it.  Recommend to anyone.  Well worth the money.
 It’s well worth the investment. I’ve dropped my phone 4x, and there’s nary a scratch to be seen.
 Easy to put on iPhone,stays on, and looks good too.
 the price is a bargain. Phone Stores are charging $60
 Very very durable and the price is very reasonable.  I love mine.
 Great case for the price if not the best case in this price range. Only complaint is ge charger port cover opening towards the front...just seems awkward.
 We got it fast and great product.
 Graphics scratch off easily but the orange is poppin and fit and finish is great.
 Good quality like all  otter box cases
 Excelente material y muy fácil para ensamblar.
 I am giving this a low rating because there is an issue with the screen on the case which makes texting, looking at photos, and most other actions difficult.
 Great case. Protects my phone from myself. Great color.
 I love otter box I buy the defender for all our phones always! My husband and boys for iPhone 6s and 7 plus and the latest iPod! But this iPhone 7  silicone around the outside doesn’t fit true to the inside case. The corners on the bottom are sticking out and dirt seems to get in. I think it’s the 2 speakers on the bottom of the iPhone 7 and the design is off a touch. I have contacted otter box and they are replacing for free I just have to pay shipping $5 and change. I really hoping it’s just this one and the next one don’t do it. But I still swear by otterbox and love them!! It has saved my phone a tons I drop in the toilet by accident and I have dropped on  concrete !!!! My phone is still like new brand new. Because I brought this the day I brought my phone and left plastic on my phone til this came in!  Definitely a phone saver!!!
 Long time customer for defender series
 Having a problem opening the otter box
 Great product once  again for almost half the price you buy it for in an Apple or AT&amp;T store.
 Love it !!!!👌👍🙌🙌🤲🙏🙏🙏
 Great case, but I wish they had more color options.
 I’ve had Otto boxes before, this one was for my wife, I’ve dropped my phone twelve feet off a latter and the phone was fine!
 This item has been gret for protecting my phone!
 Love the case fits great! But I didnt like how they sent me an email saying attempted delivery when they didn't even show up at my address
 Exactly as pictured. Fits phone perfectly. Will order from seller again.
 My daughter asked for this OtterBox because she doesn’t want to break her phone. It offer really good protection.
 Case serves its purpose. It’s easy to put on and take off to clean. Not to bulky and most importantly it protects my phone perfectly.
 Awesome product is protected my iPhone many times
 Great product
 Great product I love it and it’s protected my sons phone
 Great Product!
 This is a great case. It fits perfectly and I have no problems with it
 Satisfied.
 Satisfied.
 Fantastic case, handles drops perfectly, including ones that occur above the great, white bowl.
 Phone hasn't broken yet, and I am hard on that sucker. This case makes it almost indestructible. I recommend popping out the plastic screen protector that comes with this case and buying a tempered glass one, as the combination of the Otterbox case and the tempered glass screen protector makes for a beautiful and functional phone. It is much, much cheaper on Amazon than in stores. Also, if you don't care about what color you get (like me) then click all the options and see the differences in prices and just buy what is least expensive. They all work the same regardless of artistic design!
 Love OtterBox, great protection for your phone with a stylish appearance.
 Bought as a gift for my mother. Very bright case. She loves it.
 A bit bulky for iphone. Protects phone well but you lose iphone shine :(
 It's not water proof,  it get dirty easy and doesn't wipe clean well.
 After one month the pattern has worn off. My last one remained in great shape for over two years.
 The best case I have owned from Otter box. Feels smooth and more feminine then the chunky defenders. The design keeps the case cleaner
 Work great
 The holster is supposed to double as a kick stand, but when I tried to use it it would not stay in place. I am going to return the product.
 the only protective case I buy for kids phones
 Arrived on time and love my case!
 The outer box protected the phone but the screen protector was loose, didnt lay snug on top of screen and it was difficult to type.
 Great!  Light color does get dirty easily but its a great case  - the only case I trust!
 I liked the case I dropped my phone multiple times and it kept my phone safe
 Case worked for a while but for no reason whatsoever ever it completely  destroyed the screen from a drop of no higher than 4 feet, not pleased at all.
 Fits as expected and has already proven to stand up to a drop from about 5 feet to a concrete floor. I like that the charging port opening is large enough to accommodate many after-market cords unlike previous models of the Defender Series.
 It always keeps my phone safe whenever I drop it and is very durable
 Good case for protection when allowing your toddler to use phone, but case is too bulky to fit in small purses/pockets when on the go. I ended up switching to otterbox symmetry case and am much happier.
 Nice product
 Easy to use package made it easy for me to use. Love the case and colors
 I love the protection it provides but after less than 2 months of use the rubber ouside case starts to stretch and separates leaving a gap on the sides
 Works great! Dropped my phone many times and it comes out unscathed.
 Well made and durable
 It fell off of the top of my car when I was getting on the freeway and smacked a semis grill than got ran over a bunch and my phone still broke I want my money back
 Great price ! Great product!
 The screen cover already has a scratched place. I bought this case because it was supposed to be durable
 This is a very good product.
 It does what it says it does. Don’t expect dust to not get under the cover.
 Go to case.
 wonderful quality and price! Only issue is how BRUTAL it is to take it apart to put on your phone and I can only imagine how hard it would be to take it apart!
 Don't waste your money, this is acceptable condition not very good. I didn't need brand new or perfect but this is completely ridiculous I will be returning
 Excelent
 After 2 months of normal use, this case peeled terribly. This was kept in my purse nothing out of the ordinary.
 Product as stated! Fast shipping
 Better than that pelican brand.
 It’s great except I cannot even process how to get it off.... I’ve sat for a whole hour just trying to pry it off...
 Perfect fit
 It is 100% worth the money for the protection it gives. Might be a little bulky but it's fine if you want gauranteed protection vs. a shattered phone. Otter box is a good brand to trust in :)
 love it durable and great design
 I love this case. I've dropped my phone multiple times and this case has saved it!
 Its a sturdy case and ive tried many other brands, but i wish you had some better color choices for the ladies. But regardless of color choices, i only buy OtterBox. They really can take a beating 👍
 Great product. Fits perfectly . Arrived in less than 2 days
 Protects pretty well
 Lasted 2 days and clip fell apart
 So this just broke on me.  The seal is kind of flimsy.  I wouldn't recommend this product.  However, the shock absorbent was good.
 This case was easy to put on the phone and very durable !!
 Ordered in February and the camo pattern is already almost completely worn off and looks bad.  It does protect the phone though
 This case is what it say it is. Love it the color was just right as well
 Love love my case. Came in my favorite color and very strong.
 This fits perfect and has a slightly grippy back so it will not slide around.
 Had it less than 8 months and it's stretched out even though I've never removed the case.
 Defender series by Otter Products is best protection for smart phones! And purchasing it through Amazon cost 50% less than retail store was charging!
 Could benefit from better instructions.
 Ruins Touch ID after a month. Not sure if I can return it, but if I can I will.
 Sometimes you have to touch screen harder than without this Otterbox!
 I have an iphone7plus, therefore, this did not fit.  I wish  knew that return shipping would be charged before I ordered. mis-leading
 love my color
 Awesome product
 Best of the Outer, last you a while with that rubber, foam insulation in the case. Executed very well
 Great protection
 Love this case!! It's just what my camo loving husband needed!!!
 The rubber part completely fell apart. I recommend getting a Symmetry case from them instead.
 Great product at a much better price than our local retailers.
 It was too big and cumbersome fir my needs.
 I this is my second otterbox. It fits very well and the buttons work as they should. My iPhone is well protected and I don't think my phone could get damaged!
 I love this case! and the price was great!
 Junk. Not sure if it is a knock off or what. The camo print wore off back of case in about 2 weeks. Looks terrible.
 Awesome case!
 I always love otterboxes, I've never broken a phone in one. Love the color
 Strength has gone up in the gym. I’m a heavy lifter and I’ve noticed 5-10 lb increases weekly.
 Too bulky for me.
 My toddler has played with and dropped my iphone 7 repeatedly and Ive had no issues!
 Like it a lot‼️
 Best otter box I’ve had out of all my other otter boxes
 Highly recommended for the screen and device protection
 Love all defender otterbox series. Love the gun metal gray with my white iPhone on the front!
 The back material is peeling off , I’m contacting otter box for a return , don’t buy this one
 The case is nice, but the belt clip/holder broke after only 4 months of use.
 Great protection for your iPhone 7 or 8.
 Very durable
 I was looking for a case that was not too bulky and would protect my phone.  This one fits the bill.
 Great! Definitely take out the plastic screen and put in a glass screen cover to get the most out of this
 Great otter box and looks great too
 This is a great case.. left my phone on top of care drove off the phone fell off.. no stratches nothing thanks to this case
 the back peels off after a week this ruins the durability DO NOT BUY
 My son loves his Otterbox Defender.  I like the protection it provides especially with the cost of phones today.
 It is made very durable to protect your cell phone.
 Recommend
 Color is perfect for safety department.
 Love otter box cases, so reliable! Love this color but the silicone outer case gets dirty easily.
 I buy it as iphone 7 but it is 7 plus
 Personal use
 great!!
 Excellent! Had Otters previously on other phones but, this one is more of a sleek design and fit. Recommend it highly
 Great product. Exactly what is described. Protects my phone better than any other case I've owned. Love the defender series
 Works great
 I must have ordered the wrong kind of case because this is so heavy bulky and there seems to be a gap between the front shield and my phone screen because I have to press down with great effort to type anything .
 Case is worth every dime. Completely covers my whole phone, the case, itself isn't heavy or bulky like other otter box products, and it serves it's purpose.
 Love otter box!!!
 as expected
 The case is fine.  The camo pattern wore off after one month.  Do not buy this because of the camo.  You will end up with a totally white case in a couple of months.
 Silicone outer casing wears and permanently bends after a few months of use. Already in need of a replacement.
 Very durable.
 It fits my phone well.
 Always the Best protection and fit! Excellent product! Won’t use anything else for the last 2 decades! Very happy!!
 I  cannot use it on the  7 it interfers with the home button. May see if I can alter it a bit. Otherwise it would be perfect
 Awesome phone case!!! And so cute. Protects my phone even when I drop it (I’m clumsy). All in all a great product.
 Does not work well in all categories
 You never get wrong with OtterBox. Every time I get an upgrade phone, I get an upgrade OtterBox. No discussion about it.
 I didn’t realize this had a plastic cover over the front so I’m not even using it now but it is a nice cover.
 NOthing I like obout this my phone field from my hand to the floor an the back of my phone cracked I shod get my money back all so the money for my phone
 Junk, not like the otterbox you would by from Verizon or somewhere else.  Very cheap hard plastic. Horrible!!
 I bought this case to protect my Iphone7. It came with a belt clip for added convenience.
 So far so good. It’s been a week and no problems. Haven’t tested if it’s water proof but don’t plan on swimming with my phone.
 The OTTER is best of best case for smartphones.<br/>Quality, Cost, Function balance is good.
 Great product!!
 Great price and value.
 Very durable
 Very please with product and value!
 It was okay the  plastic over the button was missing when I got the case. Other than that I was happy with it.
 Water gets behind the plastic cover very easily.
 Simple, purposeful, and perfect for my phone.
 great case........love it
 It was hard to fit in the phone . Plug in fir charger was very snug . Would not but it disintegrated .
 Good protection but case looks dirty all the time. Will not buy again.
 Otterbox has always been the best phone case!! If it breaks they will replace it!! Love this color and design.
 Case is good quality, fits very well and looks good. Only negative is it's too expensive! Shouldn't cost more than $25-$30.
 Awesome case.
 Huge gap between protector and screen will not type.
 The item was exactly as described and on time. Couldn't be happier. Thanks.
 As expected. Delivered on time. Good quality.
 Easy to open in new packaging. Fit iPhone 8 well.
 Sent me the wrong color. Too annoyed to send it back. THANKS!
 Love it!
 This is a great case! I love the design. This is my 2nd time to purchase an Otter Box and I am very pleased it.
 Exelent
 did not arrive in retail packaging, NOT GOOD FOR THE PRICE
 It's amazing! I have complete trust that my phone is safe and it feels great!!
 Great color and very durable!
 I love it!
 Great Product
 So far so good, had to pop out the screen like the other users had suggested and cleaning the sticky residue was tedious but good case over all.
 Love it
 Great case
 So far so good, probably a thousand drops and still going!!!
 Great colors!  Very durable
 Love the color!
 Great case my daughter loves it
 Nice case
 as described ... very happy
 The camo graphics on the rubber part smearing off
 Excellent quality
 Love it
 Absolutely perfect protection. Not too bulky!
 The touch screen is not easy to function but still love it
 The case has a crack in it, used it anyway:(
 Great product.
 the case does what it is supposed to do, protect my phone
 OtterBox continues to exceed expectations. We have 3 . . . .
 I liked the speedy delivery and the quality of the phone case.
 Bought the real tree camo case within a week the camo pattern started coming off I think it’s a knockoff
 Great product. Doesn't make the phone seem big and it came  the very next day. I have 2 free day prime but it was extra fast. Brand new condition. Will buy again for future products.
 Bought it for my husband....he’s an excavator. His phones break a lot and so far his phone is still in one piece with this case.
 Love it
 Fast shipping and product was as described.
 I love it the case fits my iPhone 8 perfect
 Thank you.  Happy with item.. got item fast.
 Love the case, it's sturdy just like all Otterbox Defender cases.  This is the ONLY brand I like and will buy.  No opening in the back that shows the apple logo for the phone, but that is fine with me.  I love purple, and the pattern is different.  At least when a bunch of us get together I know which phone mine is.  I've picked up and walked out with other people's phones before with pink cases...we all have pink..this is different and I like being different.  Please make sure you take phone out of your front pocket if you sit down, or get in a car.  My last Iphone 6 bent so bad!!! It was in an otterbox defender case as well the entire time.  Even the guy at the store when I went to get the Iphone 7 took it apart and wanted to see.  It was bent really good.  I never ever put a phone in my back pocket, only the front on jeans or pants.  Now, I just get into the habit to take it out before sitting.  Hope this doesn't bend.
 My girlfriends iPhone 7 fell down a three story elevator shaft onto concrete.... we were sure the phone was ruined... we were wrong!<br/>The case kept her phone in perfect condition
 Great price and quality
 the rubber was all peeled off on the back
 Works well to protect my phone; however, the cover shows dirt really easily.
 Gets the job done
 Looks like a hardy device should provide good protection
 This case gets dirty and worn very quickly.
 Love love loved my otter box case !!!!! It has the screen protection and everything!!!!
 I like because is very recistent
 The case was exactly what I had wanted. I have had life proof case before but this is a durable case. This case I know will protect my new iPhone 7 for a long time to come.
 It’s protected my phone for months now!
 The otter box works great and it got here super fast. I always buy my otter box cases from amazon. Always satisfied with the results.
 Very sturdy and totally anti shock. The mint color is very cute!
 It is sturdy- does a good job of protecting the phone.
 Box came opened and banged up. Looks like something someone returned. Not satisfied with how it came.
 Nice, protective and cute!
 The back is much smoother than I have come to expect from this type of otter box. But the slightly ridged sides make for easy grip. Feels good and sturdy.
 Great product
 Fits perfect and device protection is of highest quality<br/>Great product
 Love the phone case but my protection screen came scratched. Disappointed in that.
 Love
 Perfect
 The outside rubber part is already starting to fall apart. I just bought it two months ago
 Very durable! but I would suggest not using the screen protector it makes typing very difficult.
 I like the Otterbox for the iPhone 7 much more than the iPhone 5 Ottherbox I had before. Looks sleek and doesn't feel as rubbery.
 Thank you!
 It gets dirty easily and the plastic film like face cover is poor quality
 My case is starting to become loose around the bottom of the phone by the home button also the area where you place the charger is breaking very disappointing
 I bought this case a few months ago an it’s already peeling. I do not recommend this case
 The otterbox works perfectly for me and helps protect my phone.  Just what I was looking for.
 Only case I trust for my iPhones!
 Had to press hard to touch the screen and feels weird
 Very durable, pretty, and easy to hold.
 Wrong color not the item that was described. Pink is not my color !
 👍🏻👍🏻
 Phone case just as described! Fit perfectly and received really fast!
 Priced right and durable
 The color was nice. It was not a good fit for I phone 8.The screen couldn’t be operated due to the gap between the screen and the cover.
 Great product!!
 Excellent choice to protect my wife's iPhone.  She can be rough, but this helps keep the iPhone safe.
 Great fit,
 I have Ben using this case for about 2 months now. Tight fit and sturdy case.
 Excellent case - If u value your high dollar phone-then u need one of these-drop it no problem-lot of color selections-amazon got it here lightning fast!!!!!
 Frat case the only thing I wish they had was gorilla glass
 Makes it so phone won’t break
 The case is great - but honestly, the picture installation instructions are so lame.  I had to go to YouTube to figure it out.  It's not that obvious.
 Great case. Love otterbox
 While the case was a very pretty turquoise color, the built in screen did not completely touch the screen of the phone.  This proved to be very annoying when scrolling.  Returned
 I'm disappointed with how dirty this case got in such a short amt of time<br/>I have tried to clean it and it made it worse
 The Otternox iPhone case was nicer than I thought it would be.  I feel my phone is well protected.  My favorite color and design, too.
 Plastic screen is coming apart, did not hold up even 6 months.
 Love it. My son described it as military grade.  It protects the phone under very rough conditions.  Highly recommended.
 Dust can still get into the case and scratch the phone
 Good
 Great product
 Sucks because my phone shattered with this case on
 It covers and protects the phone but the plastic in front is bubbly and it makes it hard to type or use the phone
 Note that this is not compatible with the lightning dock.  My initial impression is that quality is excellent - equal to or better than defender cases for iPhones 5 and 3GS.
 Love it!
 Works well in protecting the iPhone from cracks.
 Exactly what the description reads is what you will get
 Everything was perfect!
 bought it for my granddaughter and she loves it.
 I love the color, it’s not too bulky, and it’s sturdy.
 Good protection from breaking but is too big and this particular color gets the case dirty very easily
 This was for my daughters phone and it was exactly what she needed.
 You never go wrong with an otterbox
 The screen protector doesn't sit flush on the screen so the touch screen doesn't work properly. Otherwise a great case.
 Love it
 too big
 Good product
 The otterbox defender cases are not the most stylish, the prettiest or the sexiest of phone cases, but you can't beat them for protection. I've used otterbox cases exclusively for 4 years with 3 different phones, only taking it off to clean the plastic screen of the otterbox.  I've never had a cracked screen and I've dropped my phone on concrete many times.  I just gave my iphone 6 to a family member when I upgraded and it looks almost brand new because I always kept it in the case.  My only gripe about the defender is that the color and pattern selection are minimal.  This style desperately needs a bigger color selection.  Green polka dots was the most stylish pattern I could find.
 Keeps your phone safe!
 Great product for the price!
 Amazing case! And very well priced
 Had for a month or so and the back window is coming apart
 Purchase was easy, delivered in a timely manner, but have had it less than 3 months and case is pealing and faded.
 I love the otterbox! It fits nicely on my phone and I love the color purple!
 Great case protected my phone while travelling, bulky so use a different case when just in the office.
 LOVe it! Just what I was looking for
 This is my second Defender Otter Box Cover. I wouldn't but anything else. With all the phone drops it does great at saving my phone.
 Great
 Not a real otter box the camo faded and now the case is white👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽
 Perfect
 Good quality case.  The most difficult part for us was getting the case open to insert the phone.
 Hard to type with
 As described
 Great as always
 Wish charging port tab open from down instead of up and silence tab opened down instead of up.
 Can’t ask for better value!
 Home button plastic cover is worn off and defective
 Best case. I drop my phone all the time and no damage.
 My product came with a permanent stain on the hard plastic part.
 Great protection for iPhone
 Good case that would’ve costed me about $60 elsewhere. This is a steal
 Belt clip Lasted just 4 months. Very disappointed in quality
 New phone is certainly well protected, which was the reason I got it. Buttons are a bit difficult but no big deal.
 Hubby already droppped.  Nothing broke.  Amazing
 All I can say is "OUTSTANDING"
 Great case!  Really provides protection and very durable.
 I love this case.  fits my perfectly.
 Like the sensitivity of the touch screen
 Fits well and protects completely
 Great case, can’t go wrong with an otterbox
 Case works as it should but the outer part shows dirt
 Bought as a Christmas gift and is already falling apart.  Very dissatisfied.
 My granddaughter wanted this....she  loves it.
 I use OtterBox for all our Cell Phones, they are a good insurance policy to protect cell phones from being damaged if you drop them.
 Awesome cases. Use them on all the iphones we buy.
 Perfect case! No issues
 Works great
 Bon produit très satisfait
 Excelent quality, great design and keeps protected.
 Best Otter yet! Great promptness
 Worth the price for the protection
 Works like a charm
 I bought this one for my phone and it has worked out great!! A lot cheaper than buying it at the cell phone store!!!
 Durable
 I’ve always purchased otter box thru Amazon last long time.  👍
 What I expected
 Otter Box is the only way to go if you want to protect your phone
 Best one in the business as far as I am concerned
 AS Advertised
 Love the color and ver protective. Price is great.
 I used an Otterbox Defender for my first iPhone and the phone lasted for over 5 years. The case was battered but the phone is pristine!
 Liked because great protection for your phone
 Do not buy for iPhone 8. Case doesn’t fit at all and won’t snap shut.
 I loved it it really works I accidently dropped my phone in the parking and it protected my phone no problems.
 GREAT PROTECTION FOR YOU I PHONE.
 Great product. Very happy with it
 Theo good to you hand grip use pleasure
 The construction of the case is durable
 The product wa delivered and what was advertised. The box is great after to damaged screens this is a reason.
 I liked everything about it it  except for the plastic screen cover. It was bowed up a little bit and made it harder to use the screen.
 Love, love, love the case..bought it because I needed a new case for my new phone(have this case for a previous phone) and Amazon is the only place I could find it..thanks!
 This is the best for your money for everyday use
 Excellent product!!!  Very secure feeling that my investment is THOROUGHLY protected.  Also, a big THANK YOU to Amazon for the GREAT price and expedient delivery!!!
 The screen is already scratch and there is a bubble in the screen<br/>I had otterbox before but they Did not schratch that badly
 Great phone case - definitely recommend
 The outside casing on my OtterBox stretched out.
 Protective &amp; rugged case..... always get this brand because there is no other like it, At All !
 Fit perfectly to my celpon.
 It’s LASTED a long time, very durable has saved my phone many times.
 Otter box: great product
 Fast shipping! Perfect for iPhone 7. Built in screen protector and easy application! I love it!
 Used for I-Phone
 Power button very hard to push! Also volume buttons hard to push!
 Great otter box quality. As expected. Color was a little light and shows dirt though.
 Great product I love it
 Exactly as described.
 OtterBox is really the best, look no further.
 It is very rugged, but very bulky
 There is a gap between screen of phone and screen protector on case.  Very difficult to use phone. Very disappointed with this product.
 Great investment that protects my investment
 I love it!!
 Met expectations
 good defender case
 The product itself was fine, however it was not suitable for an iPhone 7.  It was much smaller OtterBox Defender Series, like the ones for the older iphone versions.
 I really like it a lot
 I have never had a cell phone break that I had an OtterBox on.  I am a huge fan!
 Perfect
 I like it if you text my cell phone
 Love it! The ONLY case to have on your phone!
 Great phone easy to grasp n durable
 Horrible, not good condition, allows water to get under screen
 Great product.
 It's a very good product works great!!!
 Perfect
 Just what I needed. I feel like my phone is safer now. I love the non slip cover sleeve, definitely the best part about it. I have dropped it many times already, and my phone is intact.
 Great case really protects my iphone well.
 Good case
 Always great product.
 Works great!
 I love it! But its hard to type...
 Love it! Very protective case! Recommend it!
 Love this Otter. It protects my phone, I drop it on conceret serverval time and no damage to my Iphone7.
 Thank you
 Love the case!!! However, Touch ID does not seem to work when my phone is in this case and I'm wondering if that would happen with any case or just this one.
 I’ve dropped my phone so many times and this case works wonders! Highly recommend buying!
 The case only lasted me for 3 months, purchasing another.  Would like a credit.
 Love my otter box Great price great color &amp; fast delivery!!!
 Love it
 This is the first OtterBox that I've been unhappy with to date.  The screen protector doesn't sit properly on the screen of the phone.  It is slightly raised and leads to issues texting and manipulating the very center of the screen.  When OtterBox was contacted over the issue, they were unwilling to help.
 Sturdy phone case.  I love it.
 It has saved my IPhone 7 from being broke after I have dropped it several times on concrete
 The case itself is all ready cracked in the left upper corner. Expected more from this product.
 Fits the phone perfectly. Protects it very well !
 The otter box is really good and cheap as compare to the one they are selling at different stores. I love it
 Worth every penny.
 Great phone case!!
 Liked
 Packaging was opened when received and doesn't fit phone well.
 The coloring on this case is amazing, bright and fun and it's a true otter box have already dropped my brand new phone and no damage!
 the cover clicks every time you touch the screen
 Sturdy
 Absolutely livid!!! Only had the case for less than 8 months and it broke !!!!
 Have had the Otter Defender before , but this was the easiest to apply &amp; use
 Otters
 This case works perfectly
 My only complaint is that I cannot unlock my phone with my fingerprint sensor.
 Highly recommend!
 Perfect fit and super cute!
 Bought this product for my grandson and he has dropped his phone several times since with no adverse actions to the phone. Great product
 Great product
 Consistent, durable, and user friendly.
 It completely broke after 5 months.
 Great phone case
 Great price and nice model.
 The cover already has a hole in it!
 This was supposed to be mint and blue but is just navy. Disappointing.
 Love my new case 💕 received it promptly I got the purple one looks classy!!
 It is robust. But very very thick. Makes the pocket very heavy
 My phone actually got run over by a car in this case, and it still works!!
 Had an otter box on my five for three years, awesome cases
 I loved the way it felt
 Fast shipping, great product.
 Great case. My phone is always secure and I never fear damage from bumps or drops.
 Love my case. I've dropped my phone several times and it's saved my phone. Absolutely love my case and the color!!!
 Great case, works as advertised and has saved my phone many times from being broken!
 👍🏽
 This product offers very good protection for the expensive iPhone.
 Third defender case they work great
 Overall a great purchase!
 I've had this case since Dec 2016 and it does what it needs to do.  What I like about it is that it is easy to grasp and doesn't slide all over the place when I put it down on the desk or car dashboard.  No issues with sensitivity of the touch screen.  I did have to look up how to remove the case so I can clean it as this was my first otterbox.  But it is really easy to remove and replace once you've done it once.  The thing I did not like is that dust/dirt was able to go between the case.  I've had other cases with my phones in the past and for some reason I was surprised at how much dust got between the case and phone.  I also had several complaints from others when using the speaker phone that I sound muted or quiet.  When I don't use the speakerphone, they can hear me fine. For the price and quality it is a good case.
 Beautiful, durable book for future feminists. Quality paper stock, bright colors, great illustrations, and a wonderful message. A good buy!
 The case is very durable.  The color is accurately portrayed in the photo.
 I drop my phone all the time. I’ve always had otter boxes and they protect my phone and hold up for years.
 Classic protection
 I bought this and this is how it came. It doesn’t read my finger print.
 Very nice
 Fits perfect
 I love this case. The price was a good price. I love the color.
 A secure and safe item
 Great product!!!
 I like everything bout it
 Dropped it once and it cracked! And the color is cute but it gets so dirty even when I clean it I can't seem to get the color back. Don't buy
 As expected, straight up Otterbox quality.
 Worst case I’ve ever used. Dirt gets in effortlessly and I work in a virtually dust free Network Data Center!
 I needed the outterbox case for the iPhone 8 plus this case is for phone 7 its too small.
 Good product, but wrong size from what I chooson and need for my iPhone 8 Plus
 Love it!!
 Very durable
 Had my last phone 3 years with an otter box defender cover and dropped many times<br/>Never cracked screen
 Great product, very reasonable price
 Husband loves this alot!
 Very durable case!
 Awesome product
 Best protection for under $30 (price was low on this color only/aqua).  Have these on all my phones and never had a problem.
 Didn’t fit my iPhone 7.
 Could not be happier with this product.
 Great product. Wish there was a color choice.
 Beautiful
 Excelente
 The back started pealing after 3 weeks! I expect much more from Otterbox products.
 Works like a charm. Keeps phone from getting broke, if it accidentally gets dropped.
 Case fit iPhone 7 perfectly!!! Delivery of the item was fast as well!!!👍👍
 U can't buy a better case for ur phone.
 Nice case i like the color
 Best protective phone case!! Nothing is getting past that case
 Cute and Bold
 The plastic face cover is already scratched.
 Durable
 Pattern on the back is wearing off after one month of use.
 Excellent product. Exactly as described. Performed well against the several drops it has already encountered
 My husband loves this.
 It protects the phone as you would expect.
 Otterbox is the best. Appearance and quality are always tops in my opiniin
 Horrible. Had it for 5 months and the outer cover won't lock on anymore. It almost seems like it stretched. Won't buy again.
 Love it when I took of the plastic cover over the screen.
 Great protection for my phone . Downside is that volume controls are a little bit less responsive.
 Solid unit very strong and I love it!
 Love it, great price and great protection for my iPhone 8.
 ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS!!!!!!!!! PAINT RUBS OFF WITHIN 2 WEEKS OF USE!!!! PISSED!
 Love it, color is great. VERY kid/drop proof ;)
 Received quickly and works great !
 Great durable case.  3rd one I've owned with iphone 5, 6, and now 8.
 Thank you
 perfect in every way
 It is very difficult to use the buttons.
 Easy to install and provides great protection
 I personally find this case too large for myself (kinda petite with very small hands); however, this was purchased for my 24 year old son who has insisted on an Otterbox Defender for  every iPhone he has owned. He refused to take his new iPhone 7 out of his apartment until it was protected by an Otterbox. That said, the iPhone 7 replaced his 5s, which he has used &amp; abused for 2.5 years---he removed his old phone from its Otterbox, and the thing looks pristine. The case definitely does its job.
 Love it there’s nothing I don’t like about it
 The clear front cover is like a big bubble. Makes touchscreen use difficult.
 Do not buy if you are in the construction industry.  Dust gets in and between the screen protector and the glass easily.  Super annoying.
 Can't go wrong with an Otter Box. Love everything about this case. Good grip, not bulky, functional responsive buttons and screen protector. All around ideal.
 The Otter box case is great. I really love it. It did  not come as quick as it should have via Amazon Prime..
 Just what I wanted for my new iphone 7. Great fit and great protection!
 Good
 I love it.  Just a fun cover and so cute.
 Definitely not the exact color that was shown but it is still a pretty good case !!
 Great sturdy case
 This is an awesome product.
 Good shock protection.<br/>Dust seems to get under screen protector.
 This case is very sturdy &amp; protects my phone very well.  This is my second Otter case.  I highly recommend this case.
 It doesn’t work well.
 Gets dirty very fast! But ultimately protects well!
 Very sturdy
 Awesome!  Came quickly!
 Great phone case
 Awesome
 Good case
 A+
 This is  sturdy protection.  Sometimes I can be hard on my phone.  The case is very durable and offers good protection if the phone is dropped.
 Yes I liked it.
 Outstanding case!!!!!!!!!!
 Very good protection for a smart phone
 Everything is fine,fit,finish,delivery.
 Everything
 Great
 I love the purple
 High quality, as usual.
 Perfect fit and protection. I've dropped it a couple times without damage.
 Case received did not fit iPhone 7 or 8
 I order the Realtree case and I received and all black case.
 Great product! Just as described
 Good good good
 I really like it. I've had it for a couple of months now. I dropped it the other day with no damage to the case or phone.
 Good protection for phone.  Heavy duty.
 Boyfriend loves it!
 back layer is peeling off
 It really works
 GREAT! My wife loves it! As always,Amazon comes thru with excellent sources and customer services.
 came completely mangled on one of the connector pieces so it cannot be snapped on correctly
 I would recommend this product.
 Cracked by the home button after a month
 Great durable product
 Love it!
 Great price and great product. This cover protect my iPhone perfectly.
 Very happy I bought this case! Very protective and it's so pretty too. I got the pink/purple one and I love it. Definitely a great buy!
 Awesome product
 Great seller, Received what was promised in the discription
 good price
 My husband LOVES this case!!!!
 I’ve tried other brands but they NEVER measure up to an OtterBox! Worth it every time.
 Very good case really recommended for your phone protection.
 no comment
 Great for iPhone 7. Nice color and very durable case
 Good case
 Love it!
 Have dropped my phone several times - no problems, no damage to any part of my phone.  Worth the money. I will buy another when I update my phone.
 The case awesome and keeps your phone protected while looking nice and stylish.
 Works good as described
 Durability
 Love it
 Perfection
 Cute color, great toughness. It’s perfect.
 It’s robust and highly reliable
 Otterbox is the best
 Excellent product. Love it! Very well made and protects nicely!
 This case has been a life saver!
 Always great
 Love this case!
 Good product
 like the color and am sure it will protect but restricts the fingerprint password from working
 Sturdy case, not too bulky
 Exactly what I was looking for in a phone case! It has really protected my phone so far and I would definitely purchase it again!
 The home button portion just tore off...
 Item as described and expected!
 iPhone
 Great protective case with a great price
 Nice for the price!
 Great shape and durability!
 Used both together and it makes it harder to tap the screen, but I deal with it okay.
 Great product.
 I love it! it is durable and pretty
 Great
 I had the iPhone caseology, saw the otter box a friend had, what a nice &amp; thick protective case
 Fits perfectly and fast delivery.
 works great with my iphone
 Good
 I brought this case for my son as a gift, i must say it's worth every dallor an more.😀😀
 This is the best phone case ever,well covered very secure and beautiful.
 The camouflage wore off after 3 weeks. I think I got a knock off.
 One of the best boxes, ever!
 Really provides a hard protective shell while still having a slim profile.
 i needed a plus so i had to buy another
 It is very durable
 I really like it and it’s very durable and reliable for my iPhone
 👍
 Heavy duty case.  Fits great.
 Little bulky but great bang for the buck.
 This case works perfectly!
 Love love love
 The OtterBox name means it is a quality product. A little bulky but light enough. Actually the belt clip makes the phone easy to hold in the hand. Other reviews talk about removing the clear plastic screen and home button cover. No need at all. My (iPhone 7) screen has a few scratches and now looks like new. 5 stars, highly recommend.<br/><br/>After a month or so, I have stopped using the belt clip on a routine basis. Back to shoving my phone in my pocket..... Might use the clip when I travel still.  Love the texture of the case without the clip, does not slide much at all. 100% satisfied.
 Great
 I ordered this on Oct. 5th and received it in two days, so it came very quick. I had an Otter case for my iPhone 6 and loved it, so when my iPhone 7 came I wanted another. This case I got for my iPhone 7 is in no way like the case I had for my iPhone 6, it's big and bulky and makes the slimmer IPhone 7 end up being bigger in this case than my larger iPhone 6 was in the Otter case I had previously. I guess I didn't realize there is different styles of Otter cases. I am not satisfied with this Defender Series case for my new iPhone 7 at all. It makes the phone heavy and bulky, I could have kept my iPhone 6 as it was smaller and lighter in the case.
 Excelente!
 Exactly what it should be shipped fast
 Perfect 👍🏻
 Fits great bought my phone yesterday and I was so excited I put it on right away
 can throw my phone from the window without it braking now
 It fit my phone perfect and has protected it from falling damage
 A little bulky but great protection
 Was very difficult using the touch screen with this series.
 Nice
 My wife loves it!!
 Product was perfect!
 Really like the case but the plastic face makes it hard to type
 Does its job.
 very good
 Case awesome, but the rubbers materials gets dirty fast . But its ok
 Everything esp knowing it’s its a otterbox
 I am a bit disappointed with this purchase. It worked well for a few months and then started to leak water into it.
 I need outterbox defender series iPhone 7 plus for the replacement and the same color
 as advertized
 I love the case it definitely does its job the only con I have is that it doesn't have the circle in the back so that the apple logo can show
 Have used Otterbox befor  Very good brand. Very nice protection.
 Great protection with fantastic styling!
 OtterBox protects my iPhone
 Great product. My 4th defender on my 4th iPhone. It's been thrown, dropped and hit and every time it's done it's jobs.
 Good snug fit &amp; has kept my phone safe after being dropped several times now. Highly recommend.
 Love it
 Love these cases, just so much protection.
 Best case iv ever had
 Awesome price.
 Gods, I love Otter products. I can beat and abuse the crap out of my phone with this bad boy on it!
 Outer care is separating from inner one, means phone is not protected as they say.  Very disappointing!
 Great so far
 Awesome case
 It’s awesome, it’s going to last me for awhile
 Fantastic protection for cell phones
 Excellent product. Love it! Very well made and protects nicely!
 It was hard to assemble
 Met expectations!
 A good case for the price
 Super great case. Sturdy and the colors are fantastic.
 Just what I wanted. Otter box is always good
 Great Product!
 Love the color and how protective this case is for my iphone 7!  Very secure!
 Received item on time. The top of the case has a  Gap in the top right corner. Not happy.
 👍
 Great case looks good and good if you drop your phone
 👍🏽
 Love it! Took a minute to put it all together, but great.
 Liked the light Wieght design
 Difficult to instal
 The case itself works fine. It is filthy! I should have listened to the other reviews. Not worth buying!
 Just like in store
 The real deal and a great price. I’m very happy.
 It was exactly what I expected, fits phone perfectly . Received it quickly.
 Looked dirty on arrival. Wouldn’t buy again
 Perfect
 Great!
 screen is stretched out
 Husband loved it! not too bulky
 Exactly what I needed.
 I returned it.  The plastic screen cover made it hard to press on the screen.
 Grandson loved this iPhone cover.
 My husband loves this case.  The belt clip comes in handy all the time.
 It fit great and was a Little beat cheapwr then in stores
 Just what I wanted!
 perfect
 You'll never need another case!!
 Awesome product and quick delivery.
 I love this brand and the great cost through Amazon.
 It's AWESOME!! I love the look, feel and durability of my Otterbox! Not my first one... and definitely not my LAST!! 👍🏼👍🏼
 It’s a really good case I dropped it 2 on the front and it survived
 The color is  absolutely  horrible
 It was a beautiful color and I have really enjoy it. Wish all your products were this good. Thank you!
 Lasted 5 months. Plastic case snapped.
 Best case for my iphone8. Love the colors
 Great product, great deal.
 Love it, its perfect and the price was reasonable. It keeps my phone very protected. . . . . .
 Love this case!
 No complaints great product
 I love this box… I bought one for each of my phones
 Fast service and great product
 Great deal perfect case.
 It’s affordable and strong for protection definitely worth it!!
 Nice case for the price
 Iphone looks well protected!!!
 Excellent product! Just what I expected. Have taken the case on and off multiple times and has not stretched out at all!
 It was what we expected.
 It simply has been amazing!!
 Durability
 My iPhone is really secure not afraid if I drop it
 Great protection and stylish at the same time. A little difficult to access the plug. Very pleased with my purchase.
 Was in good condition and was exactly what I wanted.
 I can not stand this case. Very poor design
 Item was labeled as new and it is dirty and scratched.
 Everything was fine
 Excellent .... nice
 Great case my phone gets nothing but outter box. I work in construction and this keeps my iPhone protected.
 Very durable
 This case is very durable and made with great quality.
 Does what I bought it for.
 no comment
 Works as well as models bought for iphone6
 have had it for a couple months still holding up as appears in pic
 The material is a bit harder then I expected
 I haven't even had this case for a year, and it broke already on the corner. Not happy about it.
 Fast shipping and product was exactally what I was expecting!
 It’s an adorable case!
 Excellent fit and protection for iPhone 7.
 Great.
 Great case offers great protection for your device!
 Mother in law is very happy with it
 these are great, love the price compared to others, would order again
 Very nice case low profile, I feel comfortable that this case will protect my phone
 Sturdy and comfortable case
 Works great
 Super super nice!!!great
 very good
 Protects my phone
 Excellent product and delivery !!!
 The price
 As always otter box defender doesn’t disappoint!
 This case looks Navy online, but is actually more of a bright blue.
 Durable
 Fits the phone perfectly.  Nice design and unique color scheme.
 The defender case fit my IPhone 7 like a glove!!!!
 Everything
 Just what I needed
 Very good texture lasted me years
 Quick shipping however the graphic on the back faded off within 2 weeks.
 LOVE it!! It's very dependable and love the color!!
 Great protection for my Iphone7. I like the belt clip. It makes it easy to carry.
 New phone , new case . Have had otters before and they hold up well
 I ordered this item I didn’t Received the clipper for my phone
 Christmas present for my wife. Purchased to replace an OtterBox Commuter case which doesn't have a screen cover. Amazon price was significantly less than the OtterBox Commuter case we purchased with the phone. Installation was easy and fit is properly snug. My wife loves the purple &amp; pink color combination. The one caveat: She has found the screen protector a little bit thicker than the cover we had previously added. Consequently, she has to be a bit firmer using the touch screen. All-in-all, however, she is very satisfied.
 I have had this case for about 10 days on my iPhone 7. It is a very appealing design. It adds a bit of bulkines around the camera, which I personally find very good-looking. The case seems very protective. I have not dropped my phone, so I have not been able to test the case. I have one complaint: air bubbles form between the phone screen and the plastic protector on the screen. It kind of adds a rainbow effect to the screen. There are some solutions online to resolve that. Overall, I don't regret buying this case at all.
 Exactly what I was looking for.
 Love the case just hate it get dirty so fast
 Excelent
 Love this case....
 just what I wanted
 This my third Ooterbox and I love them.
 A+
 Keeps me out of trouble. Wouldn’t go without it.
 Excellent fit worth it
 Fast shipping and exactly what I wanted
 very durable and will stand up to a lot of mishaps.
 Solid cover. Good purchase for a construction worker.
 Well designed. Met my need.
 This is the best phone protection you can get I love it
 Had is for 2 weeks and the camo faded.
 Great product for the price I've spent 50-60$ in the past for the exact case.
 No wonder it was so cheap. Not a real Otterbox. Fake
 As with all otter boxes it’s perfect.
 bought for my husband and it fits the phone great and we have had no problems.
 Fantastic case!
 Protection is awesome! !
 Fast shipping<br/>Exactly as pictured.
 Very thick and comfortable
 Fantastic Product!
 Phone hardly registers touch through this case.
 PERFECT
 Arrived fast and exactly as advertised.
 Perfect love the color nice and sturdy Great buy!
 Really good case for its price. Highly recommend!
 I love it.
 Wonderful value and ready to absorb mishaps!
 Not a real otterbox cheap construction
 It’s perfect thanks
 It's great! Always prefer otterbox and it came earlier than estimated that was great
 Love it
 Nice, works
 Hands down the best case if you want to fully protect your phone!
 cool
 Love it!
 Loved the easy instal!
 Great case perfect for my needs
 Durable and styles.
 It was good as I expected really works well! Would order more if needed
 I love the case
 Excellent fit!  Slim but not flimsy or shoddy and the button sensitivity through the side covers is great.
 Super fast shipment. Otter is da best!
 They work very well.
 Great quality
 super happy with this case
 Love it fast shipping great product
 Perfect!!
 Get product.
 Awesome!!!
 This is a great case to protect your iPhone 7. Extremely happy with this purchase.
 Perfect product for a teenager!!
 Just what I expected. Delivery was fast
 Like it with no complaints
 Quick delivery.  Case was just as described.
 Works great
 I love OtterBox Defender Series phone cases, but, the only color sold in stores is black. I wanted something colorful &amp; fun &amp; this phone case is exactly what I was looking for. You can't own a better phone case &amp; now I can be fashionable as well as secure knowing my phone is protected from damage if I drop it. The price was 1/2 of what the black ones sell for in stores.<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/OtterBox-DEFENDER-SERIES-Case-for-iPhone-7-ONLY-Frustration-Free-Packaging-ARABESQUE-ROSMARINE-PLUM-HAZE-ARABESQUE-GRAPHIC/dp/B01K6PAUEO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for iPhone 7 (ONLY) - Frustration Free Packaging - ARABESQUE (ROSMARINE/PLUM HAZE/ARABESQUE GRAPHIC)</a>
 Excellent
 Works great!
 Good Product, quality not as good in the past.
 It fit my son's iphone. The price was reasonable and it his favorite color.
 Lols good and protects your phone for sure
 Arrived before time!!! Thanks great product as promised.
 Phone is more protected now
 Love it but wish had gotten it in black
 Amazing packaging and amazing case.
 Very light color gets dirty
 I love my case!!!
 I have always loved thebotterbox.  It definitely keeps your phone in great shape.
 liked its ruggedness and protection factor, dislike the clip
 To much dirt gets under the screen it’s not good at all
 Showed up early, excellent price for an amazing case!
 Best case on the market.
 The cover over the phone is horrible.  I can't type anything with it
 Good product fast shipping
 Sturdy, well made case.
 Was great
 works as described
 Very good case. Well satisfied
 The plastic screen cover broke
 Great deal for a great product! Very happy with the quality!
 Everything was in good shape Thank you
 You want your phone protected just the one to buy
 OtterBox cases have always been a great product.
 Have had Otterbox on a couple of phones. Good cases.
 Protects the phone from damage due to accidentally dropping it.
 Not the quality expected
 BEST PRICE IVE EVER SEEN
 Absolutely love it!!! Excellent quality &amp; it looks beautiful! So glad I chose it!
 Works great!
 Very sturdy.
 This case has been perfect for me.
 My phone moves around in the case
 It’s great fits well!
 Too much gap between case and screen. Very hard to text
 Great product...bulky, but it will do.
 Great box!<br/>Keeps your phone safe if dropped!
 Great item, came quickly.
 Love this case!
 It’s an awesome case! I really recommend it.
 Bought this for my granddaughter. Excellent!
 Love my case!!
 Purchased for my husband ... he loved it. Very well made, exactly what he wanted.
 safe but bulky
 Fits great and I love the color
 Purchased for my wife she seems to like it I would recommend
 It’s good
 Strong and reliable
 Great product exceeds all my expectations
 Great price n great delivery came before it was suppose to also
 Great product as described at a great price!!  My daughter loves it!
 The best protection for your
 Great product
 Thanks !
 Super!
 Fits well
 Not waterproof, very hard to click screen and side buttons.
 Very satisfise
 Love the design
 The quality of this product is great
 I am enjoying it.
 As usual, Defender cases hold up relatively well for me.  The lone complaint I have is that the teal gets very dirty quickly causing the exterior rims to look like I had purposefully dragged the case through red clay dirt.  Not exactly the look I was going for.<br/><br/>Let's just say if you happened to be in the bathtub and foolishly used your phone in the water then immediately grabbed your phone out of the water, your Defender Otterbox case will probably do her job of keeping your phone okay.  And I'm talking like less than a second's worth of time submerged.  (I'm not stupid; I'm just clumsy.)
 Case edge Cracked within two months. Worthless.
 Love this case best case I have ever bought
 So far so good
 Great !
 Very protective and not too bulky!
 Great case
 Love the color, very durable!
 Arrived quickly and was JUST what he wanted!!
 Good deal
 Love it! All ports have covers to keep dust and debris out.
 works and fts great.  got it in less than 10hrs with prime
 Okay for the price
 The case is fine, the only problem I have is using the fingerprint on my phone.
 Great protection! Maybe a little bulky!
 The case is very good
 Gets the job done!
 Ive been an otter box user for years now. This is another great product! Highly recommended!
 Says it is for the iPhone 7, but got the case for the iPhone 6 instead.
 my husband loves this case
 Product was exactly as described
 Nice
 Otter box is the best.
 Love this case
 LOVE this case!!! The color, the style, not bulky!
 Satisfied
 Fits nice!!!!!! Always been a fan of otter box A+
 Great as always!
 Excellent
 love it
 Iphone slides around inside the case.
 Love this product. I drop my phone all the time but I can definitely rely on this case!!!!
 All
 excellent protection. fits perfect
 A bit bulky but protects my very expensive phone!
 Exactly what I was looking for
 I will only purchase Otterbox Defender products for my iPhone! This product stands up to multiple drops  even on cement and will not harm the iPhone! My last iPhone was a 4 that I had for nearly 6 years and I had two otterbox products for that phone, one that had to be replaced because of multiple drops cracked the case, but the phone is still in pristine condition! I just upgraded to iPhone 7 and immediately purchased another Otterbox to keep the phone protected!
 Perfect!
 The screen protector part of the case makes it difficult to use the iPhone. You have to touch the screen several times and apply pressure for the iPhone to register you are touching the screen. Otterbox should make a case that is more compatible with the iPhone 7 touch screen.
 Good case
 Very good but gets dirty very fast
 Awesome case! It is perfect!
 Love them both
 The fit is prefect for my IPhone 7.
 Perfect
 I wish it fit
 I have had no issues.
 Awesome!! Love the phone case. Received it super quick.
 EXACTLY what I wanted! Thanks!
 Reliable, solid, safe.
 Very very bulky however, you could throw your phone against a wall and nothing will ever happen to it. I gave it to my husband but even he is considering getting a case that is not so bulky.
 It gets dirty easy but otherwise it's protecting my phone
 nice and durable
 Great case
 Best case ever
 Can't beat a Otterbox cover
 Perfect phone case
 It’s a perfect fit
 great heavy duty case and a great price for OtterBox
 I really like my otter box.  It works well.
 Awesome case! Will only use defenders on my phones!
 Great product
 Camo is fading off the back.
 Great and got here quick
 Works great and not bulky like old one
 Very satisfied
 Very durable
 Will never buy a different case, this is by far the best case that I have ever had.
 My niece absolutely loved it. Quality was great
 Great case, love the color, happy with the quality,perfect!
 Great case.  Keeps my phone safe every time my kids (or I) drop it on the tile floor.
 My silicon isn't fitting my shell right
 Great case
 Case is strong and solid rubber case.... love it!!!
 Exactly what I needed
 Love it!!!
 Great case!
 CANT GO WRONG , GREAT PROTECTION
 3 months
 It's very difficult to open the plastic case, every time I try I almost brake it.
 Great case
 just what we wanted seems to work and fit just as it should! Thanks
 Good case. Using it right now as I type this review!
 Love it!
 perfect for my I Phone
 Best case to get. I've always had an otter box and always will.
 Good Case
 The silicon is stretched out really bad. I would like it to be peplaced how?
 Case works great but the belt clip broke 3 weeks after I started using it
 It provides excellent protection and the built in screen protector is reassuring.
 I was satisfied with my purchase.
 Very protective but it gets dirty easily
 Sturdy don’t have any dislikes.
 I love it😍😍😍😍
 Great purchase
 Perfect in every way.
 Very nice and fast delivery !
 Excellent otter box.  The back is a surprise. It's has a different material that is awesome!
 Absolutely wonderful.
 Love it
 Worked great
 Great product!!
 irs good for me. I would like to recommend ottor box for iphone 7.  and next version of iphone
 The screen is not tight. Typing is hard.
 So far so good. No issues. Feels like really good quality with a nice snug fit.
 My daughter loves it
 Product is great!
 Love It!
 What a great price for this item.
 Best case EVER
 This case works perfect exactly what my dad need.
 Great case for 15 year old you is tough on his phone.
 Love it!
 I have great protection with the otter box
 Great
 It is a very good protection for the phone.
 The Defender case was just what I was looking for and  the price was perfect.
 Case has meet all expectations
 Great, protects very well
 Good value, good protections for the phone.
 👍
 Love it. Wonderful product.
 Thaks...I love my otter box
 Great product
 Wonderfull!!!!
 Excellent case and delivery.
 Good quality at a great price
 Just got the 7 regular and the black cover came in the mail.  Looks great and feels great.
 exactly what i was looking for for a great price
 Great!
 Very nice case
 The case was good quality and a good price!
 Love the case.  Very rugged, yet not too large. Solid case, feels good in your hand.  Love the bright orange front.  I can always tell where I laid the phone down. Highly recommend it.  My second Otter case.  My other Otter case was on an iPhone 4s, that is over Six years old and other than a few scratches on the face of the clear plastic over the screen, it was still in excellent condition.  Glad I bought another Otter case.
 I like it. Thank you...
 It's falling apart
 Yes, it was as expected.
 Love it.
 Great product!
 Just what I want
 Producto equivocado
 Great product and works very well.
 GREAT CASE DURABLE
 It's fantastic!! I love it! I recommend!
 Love OtterBox!!
 Great product. I'm confident that my phone will be protected at all times.
 Worked out well.  Like it.
 Great product never disappointed with the Defender series. Trouble free packaging.
 Became discolored permanently within two weeks.
 Love my new phone case
 Love it
 Love this case but gets dirty really quick!
 Exactly what we were expecting.
 Bought this case for my iphone 7 and I love it. Buttons fit perfect, the screen cover still allows my phone to be super touch sensitive, and it's not extremely bulky. The only complaint I have is that it gets dirty SUPER easily. All the edges are discolored and I can't get it to come off no matter how much a scrub or what cleaning stuff I use. But that's what I get for choosing a light colored case. This case is super protective, I've dropped it multiple times on concrete, ceramic floors, and flung it off the porch down some stairs and onto the stone pathway to my house (I'm a clutz) and the phone itself and case still looks brand new (besides the case discoloring). Haven't soaked it in water yet but lets hope it doesn't come to that. I bought a cute little deer decal and put it on the back and it has stuck to it for about 4 months now.
 The best
 I have been buying Otter Boxs since Iphone 5. Its about the best case out there but there are areas that need improving. The home button cover is cheap and over time will rip off. The screen cover gets scratched easily and they need to use better grade plastic.
 Couldn't be happier with this case. Thanks
 Great
 It protects my phone but it's bulky. Also, the case gets dirty easily
 Perfect!! Love it and the price!!
 love it!!!!!
 Good and nice but too thick.
 Just what I wanted.  Thank you
 I had order the wrong size but overrall I like the case.
 Quick shipping, great quality
 Better than expected
 It's great .. I'm a cults so I drop it all the time but it does not have a scratch on it
 It's great and very durable and well with what I pd (:
 Very happy.
 It fell apart.
 Great case
 This is the best case that I have tried so far.
 literally like new!!!
 works fine
 Good quality and fast shipping. Definitely recommend.
 OtterBox I feel best protects phone!
 looks and feels great, very high quality phone case
 I drop my phone and never care. With this case on I know it's safe.
 No problems
 It's a good case
 Awesome!!!  You get what you pay for.
 Just what I wanted !!
 Love it! Can't wait to get more colors
 Awesome product
 Love it
 Works great. Best Iphone protective case on the market!
 Great case for My sons new IPhone 7 he loved it it is strong enough and feels good 😊
 Not what I expected..
 Awesome product
 Great product would highly recommend it to a friend.
 great
 Works great
 Love it! Great product; really protects my phone!
 leaves black marks on edges of case
 Fit well and is great for child's iPad
 Very happy with case, arrived in 2 days.
 Love it
 Great product- gives excellent protection to the IPhone 7!
 Perfect
 Great case &amp; protects phone perfectly.
 Nice case
 received this item before expected and very easy to use
 Very strong case one of the best
 Great product
 Fits great. Looks great, nice price
 High Quality and delivered right on time
 It protects the phone
 No issues with product.
 Otterbox is the best!
 Looks classy
 Cute, but gets dirty so fast!
 I like its
 Love the color!
 Excellent quality
 Product = 5 stars, pricing would have been closer to 3 stars.
 Great !
 perfect
 Great case: great product...
 Perfect !
 Husband is so happy with his new case!!!
 All around great product for the price.
 Great product great service
 What's left of my Otterbox Defender after my abusive (now ex) boyfriend threw it. My iPhone 7 was bent. Had to replace it. 😞 I can't give it fewer stars. It served me well til he got a hold of it.
 Love it
 very happy with case
 Best case for hard working people
 Came clean/like new
 Love it!!
 Perfect!
 Came cracked.
 Works great.
 loving it
 Awesome case, great price
 Love, love, love
 this product is lit
 ok!!!!<br/>mto bom
 I love this case
 Perfect!
 It was in perfect condition and works well
 I love it!!!
 Love them!!!
 It is just what we wanted
 Perfect!!!
 Great
 My daughter loves it
 Very tough.
 THE BEST NO QUESTION.
 I have used this case for my iPhone 6 Plus which kept it in perfect shape, so I bought another one when I upgraded to an iPhone 7. My friend has the same case for his iPhone 6 and his screen still cracked despite being in the case. Since the very top part of the phone (where the selfie camera is) isn't protected, it is possibly you can still damage your phone. He dropped his outside and it hit a rock. But overall I have no issues with it except the screen protector not always fitting perfectly over the phone so I've had to push done harder than I should have to.
 Yes
 It's really great!!!
 Works great
 Great
 Love it!
 I love it.
 Very pleased
 Thank you
 Happy customer
 Poor design, there is  gap between the screen protector and the phone screen. It is very annoying to press the buttons several times. I did not expect this error from such a reputed brand.
 Great
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/OtterBox-DEFENDER-SERIES-Case-for-iPhone-7-ONLY-Frustration-Free-Packaging-BOREALIS-TEMPEST-BLUE-AQUA-MINT/dp/B01K6PAQOS">OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for iPhone 7 (ONLY) - Frustration Free Packaging - BOREALIS (TEMPEST BLUE/AQUA MINT)</a> The otter box is a strong protective cover that is totally enclosed and made of strong materials.
 Excelente
 5 stars all the way.
 Good product
 As advertised.
 Good
 Great
 What deal.
 Fits and protects iPhone 8 well, but the plastic screen cover greatly reduces touch screen response. That is disappointing, as the Defender case for my iPhone 5 works very well for touch screen. I cut the screen out as one reviewer suggested (only took 5 minutes with sharp razor) and got touch screen response back, but of course lost the protective enclosure cover of the Otterbox screen.
 A+++
 It arrived almost immediately and it seems like the most Beasty phone case I have ever had. I typically destroy phones, either by crushing it on the pavement or dropping it in water (accidentally of course) and I could probably throw it off my balcony and the case wouldnt even be scratched, never mind the fact that there would be no damage to my phone. I am very happy.
 Great case!
 I had an OtterBox Defender for my Samsung Galaxy S5 and loved it, so I ordered it for my new iPhone 7. The fit of the case to the phone is just not the same. The biggest problem is that the plastic screen cover does not lay flush across the screen, so you constantly experience sticking and pushing and poor screen response while using your phone. It just wasn't worth continuing to use because it was such a pain.<br/><br/>Two stars because it probably still protects the phone very well (the dual-layer case is very effective against drops, bumps, and scratches). No more because using the phone is very difficult and annoying.
 Well built as every OtterBox I've owned has been...my wife didn't like the color, but she thought it would be a little different than what the image on the screen was I think, but that is no fault of OtterBox so I can't give any negative remarks to them for our choice in colors.  :-p
 I was really excited to get a new case for my phone and I've had an otter box before and I haven't had this problem before. I should have read the reviews because someone mentioned the color fading and turning ugly within 10 days. I had my case on for ONE NIGHT I was at home nothing crazy or dirty. The case is disgusting. They sent me another to replace it very speedily which I appreciate but I feel as though this problem will happen to this product as well. If you buy this product maybe get a dark color so the case won't be ugly. Even then you may still have problem.
 I love this case. It is everything that I could have asked for. I needed a new case for my iPhone and had bought a Life-proof. I hated it. I did not have it for more than a day before I got the rainbow effect on the screen protector. I have had this otter-box for a week and have had no issues with it and no rainbows. It is very easy to place the protector on the phone and it is very easy to clean. I love the belt clip that it comes with as well. I have already dropped my phone several times and the case is still in perfect condition. I would recommend this case to anyone who wants heavy duty protection for their phone.
 This case has been great! The only problem is that there is protection over the thumbprint camera making it never possible to use Touch ID. It is actually a pretty big problem, but other than that I have been overly thankful to this case as I would have had to replace my screen at least 3x without it.
 As usual a good otterbox product. Only negative is a cover for the home buttons does not fit down on the home button and can be seen and is somewhat detracting. But still better as that you know your phone is safe.
 Our last Otterbox Defender was in constant use for over two years and kept my wife's iPhone 6 Plus clean and well protected. Not a scratch or a nick and the OtterBox still looked brand new! I fully expect this new OtterBox Defender to perform similarly.
 I've had OtterBox cases for years - with every new iPhone purchase.  I have never had a single issue until now.  This one has broken after less than 2 months!  The plastic cover has torn away allowing moisture to accumulate beneath it.  Also, the case seems defective/jammed and is terribly difficult to remove so that I may charge it in my car.  Would really like a replacement, please.
 Bought for my son's new iPhone 7....will neverrrrr go without the OtterBox Defender.  Has prevented any dings, pings, cracked screens or expensive repairs...would never go without this for an iPhone...I also use for my Android.
 Otterboxs are awesome cases.I have bought them for all my wifes and MILs phones. They complain about it being a little bulky sometimes but when I pay $800 for a phone and this and HAS saved it (after some gnarly falls) they can suck it up.
 Bought this case for my husbands new iPhone 8 - paid for expedited shipping too. Came yesterday and it’s not even for an iPhone at all..... and now have to pay to ship it back because I don’t have a printer. Would not recommend buying! So bummed.
 Case gets dirty immediately after you touch it. Everything is as expected except I have to clean the case daily and it is a lot of work. I suggest ordering a darker color and less likely a light color
 The case over all is tough, but it doesn’t even come close to keeping dust out. There’s no type of seal around the ear piece, and no seal around the speakers. Other cases I’ve used had a thin foam strip around these areas. I am often taking phone out of case to clean dust out from between screen and screen cover. Pain in the behind.
 This thing is the biggest piece of junk I've ever used. I've only used it 3 1/2 months now it constantly gets junk under the built in screen protector. The silicon is stretching and wants to pop off.
 Gives my wife the confidence to take her new expensive phone out into the world.
 This OtterBox fits my iPhone 7, is easy to install and gives great protection.  The price is very reasonable as well.  Shipping time is good.
 All in all it's a very well designed case, I've just encountered on rather large issue: The phone shifts slightly up and down in the case when plugging it in and unplugging it. This can really be noticed because the cover over the home button tends to stick to the button itself. Overall, the coverage over the phone is great, but I just worry about possible wear on the body from the phone shifting.
 Love it. Great for clumsy people like me! I have dropped my phone several times and it's been protected.
 It seems to work well with my new phone.  I was afraid it would be too bulky but that is not the case.
 Good Amazon seller to purchase from. Quality product with fast shipping.  Would recommend to others!
 This was exactly what I expected. The only con is that it has a screen protector and it's hard to type on it. I wish they made these with privacy screens.
 This case will not keep dust out. You will have to take phone out of case every few days to clear dust.
 very durable.  have dropped my phone numerous times since using this case and haven't damaged it any.
 I loved my previous OtterBox Defender for my old phone but this one makes the phone simply too big to hold in my palm and makes telephone calls tricky
 This case worked great for one week, then somehow while my phone was in my purse just now the face of the case scratched deeply, making it hard to see my phone screen.  I’m so disappointed!  I want to return it but my return window closed yesterday.  I’m so frustrated!
 I love this case, the only drawback is that it cuts down on the phones sensitivity touch screen wise.
 This case is my go to for all my apple products. Love the defender
 We smashed many our previous iPhones, UNITIL we found OtterBox Defender serious from my coworker. love it! Highly recommend!! TIP: if use TouchID, and feel it's not that sensitive after using the case, you can simply go to settings -&gt; general -&gt; accessibility-&gt; 3D Touch -&gt; set sensitivity to LIGHT (it works for the home buttton/TouchID).
 It said for the iPhone 7 plies and it didn’t fit so if you get  it for iPhone 7 Plus it won’t fit
 I have the case for about a year and a half. The rubber cover is very loose now, and the front top and bottom plastic cover cracked and parts were broken off.
 Has held up to my 11 year old son quite nicely...phone still intact
 Great protection for the wife's phone......
 This is really a fine made protector and perfect fit
 A little bulky but good insurance for your phone.
 Love this case. I drop my phone all the time and this protects it! Wouldn't mess with any other case.
 Works great for what I use it for.
 Does the job it was made for.
 Great OtterBox product. Husband loves it.
 Wife likes it so I like it lol
 Love this case fits great and not too bulky the price is great on prime . It's water proof so that makes my phone x2 water proof ,right ?
 Husband likes it.
 Just what I needed
 as expected
 I love all Otter Box products
 Excellent
 great
 Great case. Really good protection.  Love the color as well. Exactly as described and prompt delivery
 Just as described. Thanks
 Love
 Another great product from OtterBox. Love the color and the well-built feel of this case
 Great case. Beautiful colors.
 Fits great, but it does cover the speakers on the top of the phone, reducing sound quality.
 I don't usually write a review but this item was not what it appeared to be online. I ordered an iPhone 7 OtterBox black and I got an iPhone 7 Plus OtterBox blue. That should pretty much sum it all up scumbags
 I have an iPhone 8 and online says this works but it’s a tad too big for this phone. It also has no hole for ear phones
 Awesome case!
 As usual expect great protection from my otter box. My old one kept my iPhone 5s pristine for almost 3 years, withstanding many drops onto hard floors and concrete and even being slammed and thrown by my toddler, even a water splash. I'm sure this one will as well.<br/><br/>I like the lighter feel and slimmer design. My only complaint is that the rubber is not as grippy and feels borderline slippery. Because the phone is wider, then you add the bulkier otterbox it's hard for my smaller hands to reach all of the buttons.<br/><br/>My biggest issue is how quickly the cover lost its color and looked filthy in just the first few days. Next time I'll pick a darker color.<br/><br/>But complaints aside, it's worth the minor inconvenience of added girth; and it's certainly grippier than the phone alone.<br/><br/>The warranty is excellent abs makes the price with it, along with perfectly protecting your pricey phone.<br/><br/>I paid retail price for this and was not solicited for my review.
 fits my iPhone 7 perfect. love the protection.
 Phone case is protective but buttons (especially the home button) are super hard to push thru the case
 This product is complete garbage if you have an iPhone 8. I would definitely never recommend purchasing this. In fact, I’d advise you to stay away due to the gap between the screen and screen protector. I wasted my money.
 perfect fit
 I ordered a case for 7s and got a case for 7s plus. My son has an 7s plus so I gave it to him. The problem is the case don't line up with the buttons on his phone.  What a waste of money
 Great pertection cover for your expensive phones.
 I bought 2 of them and they were great exactly what 2 13 year olds need for brand new iphone 7's.
 Case was shipped fast and its so cute! My 9 year old loved it!
 Love this case.....
 Great case, prevents breaking from falls. The screen cover is continuous over the home button, different than previous models. This prevents crude from getting under the screen. Worth the money!
 The design of this case prevents the use of the up swipe to get to the Control Center.  Hard plastic covers the areas to the left and right of the home button.  Also, the built-in screen protector decreases the sensitivity of the touch screen to the point that it is almost unusable.  I would not recommend this case for the iPhone 7.
 If I could give this product 0 stars I would. It stopped working on me just after a month which put me outside of the return window. Buy a different product if you need one of these.
 works like it should.  thanks
 The OtterBox was as described!!  I will do business again for this offer on future phones.  Thank you!!
 Great product for my 10 year olds new iPhone 7
 Great product.
 Overall good case but outter skin does fits very loosely
 Belt clip broke 04/15/18. Realtree design has severely worn away! I think it is counterfeit!<br/>The one I had before this lasted 2 years.
 Does not fit IPhone 8. Plastic screen does not sit flat.
 Camo is rubbing off severely in less than 2 months use.
 I bought this otter box for my husband's new iPhone 7 and he loved it!! The phone fit perfectly in the new case!
 Really annoying and hard to use the touch screen with this case.
 When Otter design the clip they assumed that most of their customer would not want to use it.<br/><br/>Dear Otter,<br/>The case will attract more buyers i can assure you if you design the clip not only able to attached to belts/ pants etc<br/>but ABLE TO MAKE THE PHONE STAND ON ITS OWN in 70 or 110 degrees tilt. I think there are handful who eat and watch shows at the same time.
 I ordered the wrong size.  It is too big and still in the box.  I don't know how to exchange it so I am not happy with my purchase.
 Wonderful ! Arrived quickly!
 My otter box has broken already and has been for some time now!
 Don't buy this color. Every time I hold it to tight somehow the ringer goes silent then it goes back up, Without me hitting the buttons. When your reading something on your phone it gets annoying. I added a picture to show what happened when I was writing this.
 just what i expected - purchased for my grandson - he loved it - it's everything proof - well not water.
 Perfect! Just what I hoped to receive!
 To remove screen use lighter to weaken glue. Worked very well. Easy to do.  Case is extremely durable.
 Exactly what I expected, great price
 it helps protect my iphone, however the sleeve block the microphone so people are not able to hear you clearly. Defeats the purpose of having this.
 The color is cute, but he parpared to cleaning it everyday because it gets so dirty with this color.
 The clip on the case broke after a couple of weeks after it was dropped on the carpet.
 Good case. You can peel off the thin plastic over the button and keep the screen protector.
 The only issue I have with this is that it messes with my speaker. Not letting the sound free and clear.
 Very Disappointed in the product. Once I put the cover in the phone, it wouldn't fit into the hard case. Cheaply made.
 Love this case. Slim fit. Great protection. Perfect!
 Just as I imagined
 Won't use anything other than an Otter Box to protect my phones.
 Exactly what I ask for!
 Pretty mint color and the white polka dots are a great accent! 100% trust OtterBox to protect my phone.
 Love it!
 This is a very solid case for the iPhone 7. It fits the phone well and I am impressed at how little it actually hinders use of the device — typing on it still feels smooth, and I can easily swipe up for control center and down for notifications without the edges of the case getting too much in the way. It is very protective but it does not feel too bulky; I can still fit it in my pocket and it fits well in my hand. TouchID is not hindered seemingly at all, either.<br/><br/>Two small cons, and two slightly bigger ones. First, it seems like it is sort of hard to tap stuff in the upper corners — the phone often thinks I am trying to swipe down the notifications bar. This only happened once or twice though, so it’s not too big of a deal. Second, the cutout at the top for the speaker and camera is not protected by anything, so I could see there being some scuffing at the top where the dust gets trapped in the exact shape of the cutout. This has not happened yet, but I could see it happening.<br/><br/>The two slightly bigger issues are this: One, if the case gets wet (by rain or splash), I have to take the phone out of the case otherwise the water will never dry. This causes the rubber casing to stretch, and I know from experience that the case has a limited number of times you can stretch out that rubber before it does not go back to its original shape. I know the phone itself is water resistant, but it’s still not good practice to leave water up against the phone for long periods of time (especially when it could drip into the lightning port when there is current running through it — that would be a big problem). Second, the lightning port cover is handy but it makes removing headphones and chargers really difficult. It is a really bad idea to pull on the cord to remove your headphones, especially with the flimsy cord that the Apple earbuds have. That is a great way to break a wire within a week or two. Instead, I have to finagle my fingers under the port cover to pull it out, which isn’t too big of a deal but it is way more difficult than it feels like it should be, especially given how often we have to use that port to plug/unplug headphones now that the headphone jack is gone.<br/><br/>These are still fairly minor things, and they are honestly nitpicks that do not make this an un-worthwhile case. It has a great shape and size, and I can finally use my new phone without constant anxiety that one drop will bring damage to my new shiny device.<br/><br/>4/5 stars, and I recommend it very highly if you don’t mind a slightly bulkier, though super protective case.
 Fast! Love it!!! Exactly what I expected!
 I liked it. the only problematic thing is screen protector.
 love love love it thank you
 It fits perfect and it really is durable
 Thank you !! It was just what I wanted.
 Can’t swipe from bottom up or top down....
 Could not fit iphone 7
 Too bulky
 Very Good!
 Love it
 It leaves a huge air bubble right on the screen.
 Just as described. Fast shipping
 It sucked got the wrong one
 Great product!
 Great product!
 Great product!
 Junk
 Falling apart
 Sturdy
 For some reason I did not receive a full refund. There was no discussion and I feel slighted for not receiving a complete refund with out a conversation about it
 Not happy. I am looking for I phone 8 and it said I phone 8 but package says I phone 7
 This is NOT a real otterbox! will be returning!
 Love it
 This case makes the phone too heavy. It will protect it but not for me. Way too bulky.
 Case did not have clear plastic in the front to protect phone case was useless
 plugged charger into phone it acted as if it was taking charge but now it's doing nothing
 Directed my voice away from the speaker and everyone said I sounded muffled
 Got wrong case
 The product was damaged
 receive empty package
 dose not fit my phone very unhappy
 Like the case a lot
 Too big and bulky.
 It's a great case but I had to send it back because it was too small for my phone. I have the iPhone 7plus.
 Too big for the new iPhone7  The phone is much more narrow than the case.
 Had to return, it did not fit the 7 plus.
 The Case came really fast, like 2 days after it was ordered, and everything looked alright except for the fact that the screen protector implanted in the case wasn’t good. I legit had to press my finger real hard in order to type a text. It was to much space between the phone and protector. I then just ended up taking the screen protector out and just got a good one from the store and put it on my Iphone. Another issue I had with this case is that it already started to get dirty real fast, and I only had it for less then a week. I dont know whats the cause of this, and I tried to clean the stains off but it wont work. If anything if you get this type of case dont get this color get more of a darker color.💯
 This case and I did not get off to a good start.  It took wayyy too long to figure out how to open the case so I could insert my phone (it's an iPhone 7 and it fits great).  The instructions, not surprisingly I guess, are worthless.  So as a public service:<br/>1.  This is a solid hard plastic case (front and back) covered by a rubber casing (sides and back).<br/>2.  I used a credit card to separate the rubber from the plastic on the top front of the phone (above the screen) and peeled the rubber entirely away from the plastic.<br/>3.  I used a penny to open the latches of the plastic case (took some time but not terribly difficult).<br/>4.  I inserted the phone, closed up the case, put the rubber suit back on, and Bob's yer uncle.<br/><br/>I think it's safe to say that phone is not coming out of that case until it's time for a new phone.<br/><br/>Until now I was a diehard fan of the Lifeproof cases, but honestly I have had to replace those a couple of times when the screen protector crunched up.  The rubber shell of the Otterbox case provides a little "lip" around the screen for extra protection.  It feels so solid and sturdy, and I just love the color - a dark teal that would be suitable for men or women.  I would have to say all the effort and frustration was so worth it.  I love this case!
 I've used OtterBox Defender Series cases in the past, mostly with Samsung phones, and found that they work pretty well.  Given that history, I was happy to be able to grab one of these Defender Series cases for an iPhone 7 that I just got back from the shop after having the screen replaced on it.  That particular device was apparently (mis-)used as a chew toy by a family member's overly aggressive puppy.  Despite insistence that the original user of that phone needed to keep the phone in a case (such as this one) they apparently ignored those requirements and left the phone naked.  Sure enough when the pup got ahold of the phone and started chewing, the device was destined for damage.<br/>Now, I don't think that a Defender case can defend against a determined pit-bull puppy.  In fact, I somewhat suspect that the smell of the rubber that is used in this case might do the opposite of what is intended, since it may smell a bit like one of the dogs regular chew toys and because of that it might lead the dog to be even more determined to chew on the phone (inside of the case).  Given where the damage had occurred on this device (the screen), the rubberized back of the phone protection wouldn't have helped to save the screen.<br/>The screen protector that is included with this case would have been useless to protect against that biting, but it does help to keep dust and finger oils off the screen.  Most users would likely be happier with a dedicated stick-on screen protector, and I think I would find myself in that corner, though if that were done you'd have to cut out or remove the plastic screen protector that is built-in to this case.  Doing that would open up another area where water or other liquids and dust would be able to get down an into the edges around the phone, lessening the usefulness of the case all the more.<br/>In the past, one of the biggest complaints I had with these cases was the end user price point.  OtterBox was known to be spendy to acquire.  The prices may vary, but in general, I think the price point that I'm seeing for this particular case isn't too bad for the value that is delivered.  I like the color that I got, and it does look pretty close to what you see in the pictures online.  If I'm using the phone as a daily use device, then I love the holster though would note that I've also broken the holsters multiple times in the past (thankfully you can buy the holsters separately for not too much), mostly by catching the holsters on a seat belt or arm of a chair (as examples).<br/>I will admit that the cases tend to need a little break-in period to get the buttons moving easily.  Without doing that break-in you may find the buttons a bit harder to use than you expect.  Try to stick with it and be patient and you should find the buttons travel more easily and work more responsively over time.<br/>4 solid stars for this OtterBox Defender series case.
 I'm a huge fan of the Otterbox Defender case. A mom of 7 sons, I've even cashed in on the warranty a few times with cases that have been roughed up, and phones that stayed safely nestled inside.<br/>I bought this Otterbox Defender case the day before my iPhone 7 arrived in the mail. My son bought the Otterbox Commuter case instead.<br/>I've had this phone four days, and every phone call I have made has included questions about where I'm at, as the sound is scratchy and words are dropping out. Out of frustration this morning, I went ahead and took the case off the phone while I was talking with a friend, to see if the difference could be heard. It was like night and day to my friend. There's no problem with my phone now- it was this case. My son, using the Commuter case, is not having the same problem.<br/>I love the color. I love the grippy-ness of the case, it feels like it won't slip out of my hand. I love that it comes with a belt clip, though it's not a feature I generally use. But I need good sound quality- it isn't just my day-planner, my social media station, my gaming device... it's still my phone.<br/>I do tend to talk on the speaker phone. If you're a speaker-phone-talker like me, this might not be the case for you, either. I'm not knocking the brand... I'm planning to go buy a Commuter case today. I just can't recommend this Defender case on this phone.
 This seems to be a good solid Otterbox product, but for me the bulk and awkwardness of this case wasn't worth the benefits and after an hour I decided that it wasn't the case for me.<br/><br/>First, this is not a low profile case.  It is large and bulky.  I have no doubt that it offers great protection.  It was a challenge to get open to get my phone into, but that also means that the phone isn't going to come out.<br/><br/>What I didn't like was that screen protector looked cheap, was easily scratched and impedes all touch functions including the fingerprint ID.  That was a deal breaker for me.  I didn't attempt to remove the screen protector as some reviewers suggested, though I think it would be a better case that way. I decided to go with the Otterbox Symmetry and Alpha Glass screen protector instead.
 This case is really big and thick and makes your stylish super thin super cool looking iPhone look fat and dumpy. But since I have a history of dropping and breaking my phones I am happy to accept fat and dumpy for the extra protection. This case creates a very high edge/bevel to protect the face which is extremely important to me since I have broken a couple of phones that dropped on the face. Having a high edge/bevel to protect the face is extremely important. This one is the largest I have seen and even helps me pull the phone out my pockets by providing a good edge to grab. The case is so thick that I have had a difficult time finding a Qi charger that is strong enough to work with the case still on. I did eventually find one made by Yootech that has been working really well. The bad on this case is the protective screen that comes with it. It doesn't look or feel good and gets fingerprint greasy after a couple of days. The fingerprint recognition thing seemed to have hard time reading through the plastic. I ended up pulling it out and placing a glass screen protector on the face. Fits in the case just fine with it. iPhones are expensive and really suck when they break so I will sacrifice style for protection and keep using this tank of a case.
 One thing you can say about OtterBox, is that they make one fine case. That fine case is current in styling and great for protection. This case comes with the screen cover to prevent damage to your phone's screen and the cover prevents damage to the phone. The three layer protection case also comes with a belt clip holster that also can double as a kickstand. That part will most likely not be used by women. And the pink/gun metal combo will most likely not be used by men. But having the belt clip holster can definitely be useful if you are hiking.
 Having used OtterBox for my beloved 5c, there was literally no other option for me than to get another OtterBox.  I stick with what works and my 5c Otter lasted me over 2 years with only the teensiest signs of wear and never a phone mishap.<br/><br/>I'm loving the texture of the Otter -  it's got some grippiness to it so I feel like my phone isn't just going to take off running on me.  It's not perfect, but it's good.  It fits my phone snug like a little iPhone bug - which is exactly what you want it to do.  This actually fits even better than my 5c did.<br/><br/>I will say that I agree with some other reviewers who say they don't like the "cover" on the home button.  It does feel weird - I liked how my 5c Otter  had a hole cut in the casing  at that spot.  This is a little, I don't know, flimsy feeling.  But once you get used to it, it works fine.<br/><br/>I have had zero issue with the supposed gap between the phone and the case itself - maybe I just haven't noticed it.  My texts are working fine and  so is everything else when it comes to screen sensitivity.  I also have not had issue with sound as one person did.  My calls sound just fine.<br/><br/>If I had one complaint, I wish OtterBox would go wild with colors (or maybe come up with OtterStickers or something).  I ended up with the aqua/teal mostly because it was the only one my store had at the time and I was NOT getting a phone without a case (I'm a clutz) -- looking at my other options, though, they're just weird (ie the camouflage ones) or boooooring.  I wish they'd do a whole line of various colors.  You know there's a market for all of them out there.  Some people buy phone cases like they buy purses -- I don't really but I'd sure buy a change-up every now and again if I had more options.
 OtterBox has evidently changed the design of their Defender series case in recent years. So far, in the first couple of days of use, I find this product is pretty much holding up to the previous version; however there are some key differences that I think potential purchasers should be aware of.<br/><br/>For this review, I am comparing this product (teal and white) to my previous case, which is also an OtterBox Defender series for the iPhone 7, which was purchased in the summer of 2017 and has remained on my phone until Christmas Day 2018 (black and black).<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>- the outer shell on this product seems to be more rigid and stable than my previous case - however, this might only appear so due to wear and tear on my previous case. I’m hoping to update this review to share whether this case has suffered the same wear and tear<br/>- the included screen protector came off easily and with no residue!!! Comparing the front piece of the inner shell for both products (pic #3), while my old one (black) appears disgusting due to the remains of stubborn sticky residue, this product (white) has absolutely none! For both products, I held the front plates over a candle to heat up the glue, began to pop out the screen protector starting in the middle, and then attempted to remove remaining residue with rubbing alcohol. I’ve used this method as well for two other OtterBox Defender series cases I’ve had for previous iPhones, and so far, this case has proved the least difficult<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>- there is little to no padding on the back plate of the inner shell. In previous versions of the OtterBox Defender series cases, the back plate has a pretty substantial layer of padding (pic #5). In this product/version, however, I do not see, feel, or even hear any padding when I tap on it (pic #6). There may very well be some, but it is significantly less than in previous versions; it may as well just be a sticker. As a result, despite putting on a tempered glass screen protector, my iPhone has a little too much room in this case. It slides around - not by much, but by enough for me to feel it and to hear it make “clicking” sounds, which both annoys and troubles me. I’m considering adding something to the back plate myself in order to recreate that “padding,” because my previous case, despite being in terrible shape, has protected my phone through hundreds of falls from varying heights for over a year, and I suspect that padding has played a significant role in doing so.
 Otterbox Defender phone cases have always been reliable and are the ones that I trust. I have never cracked a screen with my Defender phone case-and I have dropped it plenty of times.It keeps my phone looking perfect. The screen cover does not interfere with touch or texting. Sound quality is good. I can hear fine but sometimes people have a problem hearing me but I'm not really sure it's the case's fault. Easy to install on my phone. Otterbox is the best solid phone protector out there!
 Ok, I can honestly say that I have had an otterbox for every phone that I have ever owned. iPhone or droid, but for the past phones its been an iPhone. Let me just say that it appears that OtterBox Defenders just keep getting better and better as they keep coming out for the new phones. I LOVE this case, my phone feels safe, secure. It's not bulky like the original defender. It's not even as bulky as the iPhone 6 case and I thought that case was pretty darn slim. Gorgeous case. I have the Mint polka dot one and I LOVE it blue and purple are my favorite colors and I just love this case. Now, I received this case before I received my iPhone 7, because I knew I was getting an iPhone 7. I did attempt to put it on my iPhone 6, just for giggles and this case is meant for iPhone 7. So I went two weeks without being able to use it, but it was well worth it. I walked into Verizon one week after my contract ended with my case already in hand and knew what I wanted. I didn't have to worry about my phone when I left. I have dropped it about three or eight times since I bought it and I have taken it out of the case twice since November (when I received my phone) to clean it and keep it up, not a scratch. Flawless. Clearly I chose the right case, they weren't lying when they said drop proof. I mean not a scratch, a scuff, crack, nothing.<br/><br/>Now, I know you are wondering if I am going on and on and on about all this good stuff why in the world did I give it four stars instead of five. Well I will tell you why. The one and only problem I EVER have with OtterBox, the problem that seems to never get fixed YEARS down the line. I had this case for all of one month, I kid you not, you couldn't tell it was Mint. I slid my phone in my jeans quite often. Especially at work, we can have our phones, so I put mine in my pocket. After one month, my case has dark blue marks all over it from my jeans. So I had this GORGEOUS case that is no longer gorgeous. That gets pretty annoying after a while, especially since I love polka dots and my dots are almost gone. Its just a tragedy that such a gorgeous case looks like I have it for over a year and it hasn't even been a full two months.<br/><br/>Would I suggest OtterBox, yes. However, I would not pay what Walmart, Verizon, AT&amp;T, Sprint, or any of the other stores want for an OtterBox. I'm sorry, but for it to not even look the same after a month. No. Buy it on amazon, or eBay.
 Reviewing this at 4 stars as it has a few niggles, but overall it's a very nice case, offering good protection and nice to see that these OtterBox cases are much more reasonably priced than they used to be.<br/>Can feel a little bulky with the multi layers, and if this doesn't work for you, you can try the commuter or strada series that they offer.<br/>Once it's on, it feels sturdy, like others I didn't care for the flimsy covering over the button, seems a bit redundant now that these are haptic.<br/>I personally like the built in screen protector, but it isn't as good as a glass one, does tend to get greasy and show marks.<br/>A quick fix with an exacto knife can remove either or both of these if they bother you, and you are still left with a good protective case for under $25.<br/>Considering the cost of the phones today, that's not much to pay really.<br/>Comes in various colors, the one I tested was Purple Nebula, sort of unisex color really, and looks a little different.
 My favorite part is the built in screen cover/protector. No more having to slide on the plastic sheets that would bubble up. This just snaps on and it's easy. The protective plastic is really tough and even after months and months of heavy use it still looks great. I can see the screen perfectly and the touch is responsive. All the while it keeps dust, dirt, and moisture out to protect the phone. It does a good job of sealing the phone off. The light blue color makes it easy to find when it's set down in a cluttered place yet not annoyingly bright. The color has faded over time on the sides so it's not as pretty on the casing as it once was but it still protects really well. The only feature I found missing that I really like and need in a phone case is a built in stand. So many other cases have pop out stands to prop the phone up. I never realized how important that is to me in a case until this one had none and had to add my own. So due to that I would give this a 4.5 rating. It's a great case and it's done a lot to protect my phone (I wouldn't go without it) but not perfect in other ways like the color fading and lack of stand.
 I have had Otterbox cases on my past few phones (a commuter series and now a defender), as well as my boyfriend and my mother having defender series cases on their phones too. They definitely protect your phone- I am incredibly clumsy and drop my phone occasionally, and none of my phones have ever had damage in an Otterbox case. The same can be said for my boyfriend and mom. HOWEVER, there are always odd flaws with the cases that comes after roughly 6 months of wear. My boyfriend and I have newer phones with newer cases (newest Droid and iPhone 7), and both are experiencing some serious warping of the rubber around the edges. The rubber protecting the ports on both phones are slowly tearing apart. If I shake my case, you can hear my iPhone hitting the sides of the case, meaning it isn't in there snug. My old commuter case had the same warping issues and had easy to crack plastic, and I only had that case for 3 months. My mom has an older phone and case, which has some serious discoloration, but that's all. I'd like to add that none of us beat up our devices, this is just from normal use from normal people.<br/><br/>I would recommend the Otterbox Defender as a case, as long as the flaws above don't bother you. I, on the other hand, am going a little crazy not having the rubber fit on the corners, for the second Otterbox case in a row.
 I love this Otterbox case. I just got an IPhone 7 about 2 weeks ago and shortly after I got a nice case for it. The case had everything but a screen protector. Anyway, had it on 2 days when I tripped and dropped my phone. To my horror i watched it bounce on a corner and land screen down. Thank God there were no pebbles under it and the screen remained unscratched. I immediately got this Defender box because I figured I had used up all my luck. Now I can relax.<br/>While the screen protector may not seem like much when the case is not on, after you put the phone in an snapp it all together, then add the silicone cover it becomes impervious to almost any calamity. Now I wouldn't take it swimming, but it seems like it would take a puddle drop just fine as well.<br/>The silicone cover would be very hard to scratch, but the screen protector may get scratched if forced to do it's job an intercept a rock. Still cheaper to replace the whole case, than it is to try to "fix" or replace an IPhone screen.<br/>It's not slippery to hold, does not add a whole bunch of bulk to the phone, the buttons are a bit stiff, but seem easier to use than the Otterbox case I had on my Galaxy. Stiffer buttons are the price you pay for maximum protection. I love the case. One thing, that apple on the back in the photo is actually your phone; the case has a little window in the back to let it show through.
 This is my 4th or 5th Otterbox since I purchase a new one every time I change my phone. So obviously I do love them, and this one is no exception. They are absolutely amazing and dependable when it comes to protection - I feel like I'm putting a Kevlar vest on my phone whenever I use the Otterbox. So when it comes to protection, Otterbox is always my go-to case.<br/><br/>That said, because of its bulk (which is why it protects so well), it doesn't fit on my lightning charging ports. Bummer. And since there is a little more involved in putting on/taking off Otterboxes, it doesn't lend itself well to simply and quickly removing it to charge it on the port. So when I'm just around the house by myself I tend to leave it off and put on a smaller, thinner type of protector that DOES fit my charging port, just to make things easier on myself. Plus, I really hardly ever drop my phone. Why the Otterbox, then? Because I have 4 young grandkids who quite often DO drop my phone. :) So when I'm going to be around the grands, I definitely make sure my phone puts on its "Kevlar bulletproof vest" - my trusty Otterbox!<br/><br/>Yes, they do cost a bit more than most others - but considering the cost of the phone they protect, they are worth their weight in gold to me.
 I received this phone case to try and review as part of Amazon's Vine Program.  My review is based on my actual usage of the product for the past week doing construction work.  The phone case is phenomenal in terms of it's construction and durability.  Though I have not dropped the phone, I can clearly see that the case would give very good protection to all four sides of my phone.  The built in screen protector is responsive to finger touch and affords protection to my Iphone's  screen.  I love the belt clip holder as it keeps my phone secure but easily accessible when using the phone.  Should you wish to use the case only without the belt clip, the case adds minimal thickness to the phone so it still will easily fit into a shirt or pants pocket  The Camouflage  color appeals to the hunter in me but is excellent for hiding fingerprints on the case.  After using this product, would I go out and buy one for a family member?  Absolutely YES!<br/><br/>UPDATE:  I have been using this OtterBox Defender Case now for over a month.  I still love it as much as the day I first got it.  It gives EXCELLENT protection for my Iphone during the course of my workday doing construction.  This is truly a great product to protect your Iphone.
 Though OtterBox has come to make slimmer cases, this one is similar to the big defender cases that most come to mind with the brand. This is a solid case – it comes with a belt attachment, includes screen protection and has two pieces that fully snap in for ultimate protection. It does give the impression that this case could be dropped or even thrown and the phone inside would be safe. The pattern on the back livens it up a bit, but this is definitely a case built more for protection than fashion. My sister-in-law has been living with us and was really excited to try this case out when it arrived – where she works the belt attachment comes in handy and in a land where everyone has the same iPhone, hers definitely stands out with this case.<br/><br/>That protection does come at a cost though – the phone is now bulky – and you can’t use the fingerprint access any longer. It is difficult to text with (not impossible), but the built-in screen protector makes the screen less responsive. She is pleased with using it for work, but I see her snapping it off when home. It is not easy to remove (or to get on) which also speaks to the protection, so I imagine this would be best for someone who is more interested in the phone being safe above all else.
 We had the Lifeproof Fre on our iPhone 6. We liked that case, albeit a bit bulky. It gave great protection to the iPhone.<br/>When I got the opportunity to get this otter defender for our new iPhone 7 I jumped at it. Otter company owns lifeproof company and the cases appear very similar. But they are not.<br/>The otter defender is notably bulkier than the Fre<br/>The otter is not sealed (iPhone 7 is water proof, but sand can still be an issue)<br/>Otter still has the plastic screen protector.<br/>I'm not overly sure the screen protector is needed if the case is not otherwise sealed. But it does protect your screen, at a cost of some sensitivity.<br/>Because the sound ports are open,audio is superior on this case. I've had Fre's that had to be warrantied for sound issues. I doubt that's the situation here.<br/>This case is bulkier because it has more shock absorption built in. If your a dropper that's a good thing.<br/>This is a nice looking case. It seems to be providing significant protection to my iPhone 7. It's not waterproof but the phone is. I would not really trust either to be ultra waterproof anyway.<br/>I like this case. I would probably like the new Lifeproof Fre or nuud better.
 This is a very robust case - complete with screen cover - that does add a lot of bulk to your phone. I found the size comforting after a while, and have a large enough space in my purse that the extra size didn't hinder me at all. The screen cover took some getting used to, but I found it very responsive and hardly noticed it after a while. I am _not_ a fan of port covers on cases, so simply took some scissors and cut the covers off at the joint (you couldn't even tell they had been there). I will say that getting the case on/off requires some patience - I was sure I was going to break the case or the latches at some point. And I don't use the included holster at all. Finally, while the mint &amp; polka dot design is really cute, after a while (3 months?) all the edges showed dirt &amp; grime. With it being a rubbery material, I haven't found a good way to get that clean and looking new again. Overall, a great case for usability and superior protection.
 I dropped my phone, kicked my phone, basically just abused it on the daily, and I ended up cracking my screen because I pushed too hard on the part of the case that divides the screen from the camera and speaker. Giving it a 4 Star regardless because I beat this phone up for 6 months before my screens untimely demise, and if my clumsy self can get away with replacing the screen once/ twice a year instead of every few months then that’s great in my book.<br/>As far as case durability goes, the cover for the home button stretched and broke off within a few weeks, but I don’t really mind since my Touch ID didn’t work through it.<br/>As long as you leave it in the case and take it out when neccessry it should stay in good shape.<br/>Dust cover for my lightning port broke off so I’m going to try a commuter now.
 I absolutely love the OtterBox Defender series of cases--they offer the best protection that's out there. I am an outdoor photographer and I have several phones that I bring with me to both document overall scenes and, of course, to use as a phone. I'm not particularly rough on my equipment but I also don't have the patience to baby things like phones and so stuff gets knocked around. With my iPhones in a Defender case I never worry--I get the feeling I could kick these down the path and they'd be fine (but I'm not going to try it, lol). Yes, no question, these are bulky cases (though not particularly heavy, oddly enough) but when you look at what iPhones cost these days--what price protection?
 Today I've upgraded from an iPhone 5c (yes 5c) to an iPhone 8. When I acquired my 5c....I immediately stuck it in an Otter BOX. It is still in brand new condition 5 1/2 years later. I'm impressed! The only thing I didn't like about it was that I didn't get anything for trade in. But I was impressed.....so I wanted an Otter BOX for my new phone. The new one is well designed, fit's snuggly, is all encompassing and has a good grip. I hope I don't have any of the problems I've read about here. If I do.....it will be my last Otter BOX. But so far.....I'm very happy.
 I’ve had 4 different iPhones over the years and the otterbox defender is the only case I will ever put them in. I’ve dropped it on the pavement, accidentally flung it off the elliptical while exercising and then proceeded to kick it and I have never a cracked screen or a single scratch on the phone. The silicone outer case does stretch and loosen over time, but I can usually get them to last about two years before it needs replacing. I’m a little hard on my phones and this case has a flawless record for me with protecting them.
 I'm exceptionally clumsy/unlucky. I have had two different phones with Otterbox cases (I switched to upgrade my phone, not because it was broken) and I have dropped one off of a two story building and the other one was run over by a car. I've also dropped my phone a lot of times. I'm not sure if this is the same exact case that I have now. Mine has a rubber backing that's nice and grippy. That part has peeled and is really impossible to clean and the little thin plastic that's covering the home button tore pretty quickly and the case prevents me from opening up anything that you have to touch on the very edge and gets kind of clicky when I type on it. But all that is 100% worth it because a dirty/clicky phone is way better then no phone. If you're a clutz like me, this case is the way to go. I will always be an Otterbox customer.
 This review is for the mint green case.  I gave this to my wife when she got her phone 7 and 3 months and it looks like garbage.  It seems the silicone is different now and is a dirt magnet.  Her old iPhone 6 case was also a light color and used 1.5 years and looks better than the new one.  To clean it I tried using dish soap and no better, than I ran it thru the wash in my front loader with some towels.  It was a bit cleaner but got dirty fast. This method makes my sneakers look brand new.  If your wondering my wife is not miss Piggy, but the opposite .  Showers twice a day, washes hands often and has an office job.  I did get this case a week after the iPhone 7 was released, hopefully Otterbox found a defect and fixed it.<br/>The case itself offers a lot of protection, Would have given it 4 stars if it did not get so dirty looking.
 The product in question has shown durability, water resistance, and endured numerous falls and scratches. I have used this product for 3 years now and have been thoroughly impressed with the performance of the Otter Box.<br/><br/>As a young adult male, I have had great success with the different trials this product has gone through. If you are looking for durability, this is a great product for you, as it takes falls from normal distances, and does no harm to the phone screen behind it. You will be able to find value in the scratch resistant screen, as the Otter Box has a hardy screen, and is a great insurance for your iPhone. The Otter Box also comes in many different styles that you can choose from, with many different color schemes and designs provided.<br/><br/>The water resistance technique in the Otter Box is critical to its success, and you will have no problem with this product in wet environments. Made for your outdoor excursions, the product can be relied upon for its water tight technology and is made for the outdoors type. You can put this to the test, and it will pass everything you can throw at it.<br/><br/>Durability is a huge deal in the phone case market, and you will enjoy this case. For three years, it has held up nicely, except for a little fraying around the edges. The protective qualities are still intact, and still performs the tasks at hand. You will find the back of the case starts to fall off the more you use your phone.<br/><br/>Protecting your screen will be an easy task with the Otter Box, as your screen will endure numerous scratches, and will last the life of the case. The screen protector comes along with the case and has the same warranty as the case itself. The screen protector is durable, and you can use this protector to your advantage.<br/><br/>Overall, the Otter Box is a solid investment to protect your phone. You can rely on the Otter Box, and it’s a complete case protector. I have had a good experience with my Otter Box and would suggest this to someone who is interested in adding a protective box and screen to their phone. Once I trade phones, I will buy another Otter Box to protect my next phone as well.
 Same OtterBox quality that I have grown to expect!  My daughter is getting a new iPhone for her birthday and she always seems to break her phone.  I got this for her so that she can have as much protection as possible.  It is a bit bulky, but it is sturdy and really does the job to protect your phone.  The only down side is that the color is a bit dull.  Nice for a man, but I can see some complaints on the color from my daughter!
 Overall case is substantial and protects the phone when dropped, etc.  Unfortunately the screen protective cover is not very substantial. After a little over a year of modest use (I am retired and not greatly active) the screen is highly marked (scratched, dented and residue covered).  Worst treatment is probably phone in pocket with keys for short periods of time.  Would not recommend. Too expensive fro short life.
 I wish OtterBox would start making cuter designs to choose from!<br/><br/>The case itself is ok. The built-in screen protector does allow me to touch the screen of the phone without issue, however the home button won't recognize my finger when I have the case on.<br/><br/>I also don't hear as well with the case on but that isn't a big issue to me as I have a Bluetooth to use with it.<br/><br/>I've dropped the phone (not from a far distance) and it has been fine.<br/><br/>I do know from owning previous cases it will eventually start to discolor and warp. Hopefully they have fixed that flaw.
 The OtterBox Defender series will absolutely protect your phone. The only issue with the OtterBox cases is that the outer layer begins peeling off after just a few months of use. This has happened on every OtterBox we have had in our house for the past few years. But even with this issue, my wife will not use her iPhone until it has an OtterBox Defender case on it. And the OtterBox Defender case saved the screen on our iPad Pro! So even with that flaw, I'm still giving it five stars.
 The defender case is for the heavy duty user, the symmetry case is a one-layer case whereas the commuter case is two layers. So this case provides maximum protection. If you are clumsy or in a fast paced environment you should get the commuter case and if you're a heavy duty user then get the defender, light users are OK with the symmetry. Nevertheless this is a good case, provides needed drop protection and easy to fit on the phone. The on/off buttons are easy to press through the case. It fit well, no complaints here.
 The iPhone case I received was not a real Otter Box.  The black holster that came with it probably was, but the case is a fake.  There was not a hole that shows the Apple logo, it was very lightweight and the flaps open the wrong way.  Also, the Otter Box logo was wrong.  Apple needs to check their merchandise better for forgeries.  I returned the case to Amazon.
 Turn your phone into a fortress. This thing makes your phone nearly unbreakable. It aslo doubles the width and the substantially adds to weight. I have suffered a little decrease in touch responsiveness. It is a pain to get in and out of the case. Still if youre clumsy or adventurous you need a case like this. I wish they would switch out the screen cover for something like a replaceable glass screen cover. The speakers seem to be only marginally impacted. Maybe less vibrating? I'm not sure. The color is a sort of boring dark midnight blue. It wont win any style points or get any compliments but nor will it offend anyones fashion sensibilities.
 This was a solid product. The biggest selling point, and in my mind the most significant, is how it feels in your hand. Hefting it right now, it feels like a brick in the best way. The case definitely adds weight and heft to the phone, but it stills retains that "premium" feel. In spite of that, I say it feels like a brick just because it feels indestructible. I've dropped it, thrown it, sat on it, and subjected it to the worst that life could throw at it, and it still looks and feels the exact same, with the same reassuring solidity. That said, there are some caveats that keep me from giving it five stars. First, while it fits well, it's not perfect. The sides of the case creak when you press on them! Even worse, the screen protector is pretty awful. You can remove it, and I did. Replacing it with tempered glass makes your whole experience far better. The only other real issue I have with it is how hard it is to get your phone out of the case. It does have its flaws, but I would still strongly recommend it to any iPhone buyers. If you aren't going to great and extreme lengths, this case will protect your phone from anything.
 Pros - Case fits and protects my iPhone 7, and the texture makes for an easy grip.<br/>Cons - The buttons are harder to push, unsurprisingly, and<br/>THE PLASTIC INNER CASE HAS 2 PIECES WHICH COME UP DIRECTLY OVER THE MICROPHONE HOLES IN ORDER TO SECURE THE LIGHTENING-CONNECTOR- PROTECTOR-FLAP. THESE "FLAP-ANCHORS" BLOCK MUCH OF THE SOUND... wtf?<br/>Had some very challenged conversations with my gf before I realized I needed to remove them with a knife so I could be heard clearly. I thought there was something wrong with my phone (or my gf), but it was just the $25 Otterbox case blocking the proper functioning of a $300+ phone. Now the flap is loose and not very good protection for the lightening connector, but at least I can use the phone as a phone! If I had it to do over again, I would buy any other case because of the frustrating stupidity of this design.
 OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for iPhone 8<br/>This is a good solid case.<br/>Works great at protecting my teen son's phone.<br/>Easy to put on and no issues with buttons working they all lined up perfectly.<br/>He did prefer to take the screen protector off  and use a thinner one that he already had.<br/>I like how durable this case is.  Does add a little more weight than others he has used but the better protection is worth it.
 We have had all of our phones over the years utilize the Defender Series cases and they do not disappoint. I cant count how many times my wife and I have had that gut wrenching feel of the phone drop on concrete, only to inspect it to find that it has had 0 damage. These are well worth the money and the case holds up very well over time.
 I purchased this otterbox on the actual website because I wanted to customize it. This is actually the first otterbox I've ever used and I love it! I tried the Commuter series but it was too slippery for me but this one is perfect. I didn't like the way the home button felt with the screen protector and there seemed to be a gap between the protector and my phone. So I took the screen protector off and bought a regular one and it's perfect! Although there are covers on the left and right of the home button you can still access the control center with no problem (for me at least). I really like that everything is covered and very secured. I'm pretty sure if I do drop my phone I won't have any damage to it.
 Whenever iPhone offers an upgrade -- and that seems like just about every year -- they change the design just enough that I need to get a new case. And the last three times, I've chosen the OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES.  The reasons are simple: this case is strong and durable and it protects my iPhone against dust, falls and damage. I have tried other cases for the fun of it, but I always come back to Otterbox. I can carry my iPhone with confidence, knowing I've given it the best possible protection.  Otterbox has earned a great name and deservedly so.
 I rarely write reviews, but this case is worth the review. I have used a defender otterbox case for my iphone 6 to 7 and now X. I went to the defender after the commuter case didn't give any support when my phone cracked and i learned my lesson. I drop my phone constantly running around and especially on its face. The defender case has never failed to do its job and protect my glass screen. It's easy to assemble and clean when needed as well. Yes, the case is clunky and isn't the prettiest, but that's not what it is for. I have nothing but positive things to say for the Defender case. All of the other otterbox cases are not worth the money, but this one has done nothing but good for me as a costumer.
 I bought this from the verizon store when I got my new phone. I was trying to get a deal with the two in one (case plus screen protector) but I'm wishing I'd gotten a screen protector separate at this point. The case isn't waterproof, and water easily gets under the screen protector making it impossible to use the touch screen until you take it apart and wipe it off. Taking it apart is really difficult as well, I had to use a knife to open the locks, so any time I'm walking and some rain drops on my phone I wind up having to take the case apart and clean underneath. Not good at all. Otherwise, it has held up to being dropped.
 The Defender has done its job of protecting the phone from serious drops. That deserves 2 stars. After time the outside rubber case stretched and it doesn't grip the phone well. Also, the case will scratch your glass on the outside edges over time. The quality of the plastic front screen doesn't make the screen look good and impairs tactile response. For these reasons I am taking 3 stars away. I would recommend buying a Commuter series case and adding a tempered glass to the screen. The Commuter will have the rubber molding inside and the hard plastic outside. My previous phone had zero scratches after 2 years with a Commuter. I regret buying a Defender. Stay away from this case if you like to maintain your screen edges without scratches. Bought mine from Sam's Club.
 There is a divide in our house between Lifeproof and OtterBox. I like the former, and my husband prefers Otterbox. I think it comes down to how you plan to use the case. I need something sleek to fit in my pocket. This is too bulky. My husband doesn't care if it's bulky. He works in a metal shop and needs lots of protection since he wears it on a belt clip. I suggest this case if you want lots of protection and don't mind the plastic going over the top of the screen. I like my screen to be naked.
 I’m going to start this off by saying I drop my phone. A lot. I have had this case on my iPhone 8 for about 6 months now, and it definitely does its job. Admittedly it is a bit bulkier than my old pelican case, which I was hesitant about, but when you’re spending this kind of money on a little phone, you want to over-protect it, right? At this point my case has several cracks and dings on it, especially on the more fragile inner-frame corners. (There is a top and a bottom frame that snap around your phone, and then a flexible rubber case that fits around it all). Nevertheless, my phone is as scratch/crack proof as the day I got it.
 I don’t write a lot of reviews and when I do, they’re mostly positive. However, I had a perfectly functioning otter box case that protected my phone effectively for approximately eight months. After that, the rubber casing in the outside stretches and the plastic will crack under minuscule amounts of pressure. Not a big deal, cases get old. However, when I popped the case off, I noticed that the top and bottom portions of my screen were scratched with an exact outline of the otter box case! Not even tiny scratches, but most of them clearly marked and visible. My iPhone looks terrible and otter box should have to pay for this or at the very least fix the problem. Please consider this before buying this specific product, because I would hate for this to happen to you. Thank you.
 I've been using Otterbox on 5 different iPhone models now (5, 6, 7, SE, 5C) and trust it more than any other case. My favorites used to be the Defender - everyone I knew had one! - but now I'm a Symmetry fan. It is thinner and protects from falls just as well in my experience - for adults. The Defender is still my preferred case for my teen daughters who tend to throw their phone down, stick it in their pockets or purses with no regard for the screen. Because Defender covers all the way around I feel safer with it.
 I bought this from another retailer but want to warn others that this case becomes discolored  around the edges when placed near anything moist. At first, I thought it had gotten dirty, but apparently it is the result of having sat on a damp (not wet)  countertop. I'm a huge otter box fan, but this model/color is not the quality I usually experience from the company.
 It does protect my iPhone 7 very well. However, do yourself a favor and cut off the film over the home button because it will not read your fingerprint very well with it on there. It gets worse as time goes along so remove it or you’ll eventually get frustrated that it’s not able to read your fingerprint.
 OtterBox Defender cases are by far my most favorite cell phone cases. They have been protecting our iphones for years now. In these multi-layer cases, the phones just won't break no matter how often you drop them. If you are not against heavy-duty protection (it is a bulky case), this should be your choice.
 I ordered this case for my 19 year-old son who has a new iphone 7. (He cracked the screen of his iphone 6 when using a cheap case, so I wanted to ensure the new one was well protected.) The case is sturdy and the color is attractive and different than most phone cases you see. Unlike other reviewers, he really likes the integrated screen protector. His one complaint is that the charging port area is too tight, so it takes some effort to plug in the charger.
 I've had this for about two months now and so far I'm very pleased with it. Haven't had any cracks and I've dropped it a few times. I didn't like the plastic built into the case to cover the phone so I cut it out - it hasn't effected the quality of the Otterbox. Phone sound a bit louder without the otterbox but it really doesn't make much difference. Be sure to clean it every now and then because dust might still get through the cracks. It adds some bulk to the phone but this isn't a big deal, still fits in my pocket well and I sorta prefer bigger phones because they're not as easy to drop. I have an iphone 8.
 This is the Otterbox iPhone 7 case. Rather than making a new case for the iPhone 8, they decided to simply market the v7 case as compatible with the 8.<br/><br/>The problem is that the iPhone 8 is slightly different sized, so while you can snap it into the case, you will not be able to correctly type/swipe/interact with your phone, as the screen cover is not sensitive enough. This makes it basically useless as you can't even text people (unless you pound your finger into the screen one letter at a time).<br/><br/>I've always used Otterbox cases, but this experience has made me severely unlikely to continue.
 This case is great.  It may seem bulky at first, but I got used to it and can’t even imagine having a sleek case.  This case gives great protection!  I have dropped the phone several times and not a scratch or crack.  Once I even jumped in the lake and had been swimming for about ten mintues before I realized I had put the phone in my bathing suit.  The case actually ptotected it from getting wet and there was no damage to the phone.  It comes with a screen protector that I found annoying because you had to press really hard on the screen, but I just took the screen protector off the case and put on my own and it was perfect. I highly recommend this case.
 I got this and it’s really strong and sturdy, but the cut out area where your home button is is so deep that it doesn’t recognize your finger print.  Add to that there’s a cover over the button, and it’s practically unusable.
 My wife has been using this case for a few months now and she loves it. She tends to be prone to dropping her phone, and it hasn't gotten a crack or scratch yet. I really appreciate that it has a raised edge to keep the screen safe. Otterboxes continue to be the best cases available today.
 I have to remove the dust cover once a week to remove the dust from the screen. The outer runner shell doesn’t actually seal to the phone. The screen protector is peeling around the home button.
 The box clearly says that it’s for the iPhone 7. The screen protector is not flush on the phone making it impossible to select anything. Texting is even worse because there is a huge gap between the screen and the case. Now i have to be inconveinenced to return it because I was mislead by the item description that says for iPhone 7 or 8. I would give this less than one star if I could.
 Bought this case OVER a year ago. The color has not faded- even when constantly taking the case off and on to clean the screen. Today i accidentally left my phone on the roof of the car while putting my baby in her car seat, forgot about and drove about 7 miles before the phone fell off my roof and landed on the side of the road. When i went back to retrieve my phone it had NO damage on it- the case took the entire hit and protected my phone! I was traveling about 35 and i own a higher rise vehicle. What a great purchase!
 GREAT CASE but the color choices are terrible. I am looking for a great case with a color that stands out,  easy to find when I loose my phone in my truck, or where I last places it.  If I buy the camo with a great orange front, the back is camo. Why would I want a camo phone, so went i place it down or drop it, it is had to find. Need to have other colors bright orange, neon green. The choice is "MINT" and pink. Makes no design sense. With suck a great case they have fluffy color designer patterns choices. I hope in the future there are additional color choices.
 Big gap between case and rubber housing. All of my other OtterBox cases fit snugly, but this one does not. It looks deformed and I will not be Using it anymore. This is my sixth OtterBox case for my phones and iPads and the first one to fail.
 Case arrived and the sticker said for iPhone7, but the 8 fit fine. I've had good luck with OtterBox, and this case was no different. The color was exactly what my wife wanted, and it matches her backpack. It's durable and worked out great for our hike last weekend.
 I find the touch screen plenty sensitive for all my needs unlike some other customers. I have not committed a single butt dial--maybe that's what people are complaining about  :-) It's bulky in the pocket with everything on but it is also less likely to slide out. My only tiny complaint is that the buttons require a pretty good squeeze to activate, but that probably also contributes to fewer butt-resettings.
 I left my phone on the bumper of my car at a friend's house. I was coming home from about 10 miles away. When I ended up looking for it again, I found my otterbox all beaten up on the surface, but when I opened it, not a scratch on the phone except minor damage to the screen. I figure that happened when I drove over it looking for the phone.<br/><br/>Otterbox ... all day.
 This is a solid case that will protect your phone, but the screen protector was not acceptable at all.  Instead of tapping icons, we had to push down to select icon.  Sometimes it took a few tries.  We returned it and will try something else.
 6 month update.<br/>Bought 6 months ago in case anyone was wondering what long term usage would be like with this case. In the beginning it’s great as it always is, after about 3 months the rubber peeled off the back, and now every single corner is cracked and the case no longer functions at all.
 Very sturdy case protects the phone.  I have dropped the phone several times, without the case it would have definitely cracked the screen or damaged the phone.. Not a scratch on the phone.. definitely saved my phone several times. Highly recommend for anyone with a cell phone.
 I’ve used OtterBox Defender series on every iPhone I’ve ever owned and have never had an issue. I’ve dropped my phone on concrete floors, tossed it across the room, and dropped it from as high as 18’ without so much as a scratch. The only failure I’ve had was yesterday when I crushed it in the hatchback frame of a rental car. The case survived, but the phone, not so much. Will I get another OtterBox? Hell yeah!
 I am a fan of the Otterbox Defender. My entire family uses them. The protection is stellar. BUT the screen protector for my new Defender case for my fabulous new IPhone 8 doesn’t rest flat on the screen, making it slow to type. I have to press each key twice. There is a noticeable space between the phones screen and the cover. The  trampoline screen is troubling.
 This does not appear to be a genuine Otterbox product. The serial number is missing from the back of the plastic case, as is the cushioning pad (to absorb impact shock) that is supposed to be inside the plastic case. I would give it no stars if that were possible. I am returning it.
 I think this is a great looking phone case. True, it’s bulky, but I also have 3 kids and would rather pay 20 bucks and not risk breaking a 700 dollar phone. I have only had it a few days so I will also post an update of the durability.
 Pitiful compared to previous generations of OtterBox. Shattered this case with my iphone in it. The iPhone was thrown across the room and lost almost all functionality. You used to be able to drop these from a second story balcony and have the phone still work.<br/><br/>Screen cover is COMPLETELY USELESS. about 25% of the time I touch the screen it doesn't work. Even pressing down hard. This is a brand new iPhone (thanks to the old OtterBox), so it's definitely the screen cover not the phone.<br/><br/>Another brand that solidified its market share and then went to s**t because it's most people's go to brand.
 This case is advertised as fitting the iPhone 8. It does not. It is too snug, which causes the screen protector to bow up, and not sit flush on the screen. This means that the screen is not as responsive as it should be. Otterbox should have tested these and known that they do not actually fit the iPhone 8. DO NOT BUY FOR AN iPHONE 8!
 This phone case fits my iphone 7 perfectly. It arrived a few days after delivery (as expected). I have already dropped my phone several times (even down the stairs, onto tile flooring) and my phone is fine. I haven't had any of the issues some of these reviews are complaining about. So glad I got this case!
 I just learned that the reason people purchase Otterbox products is bogus.  I purchased an Otterbox defender to protect my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.  With the Defender on the phone it dropped out of my hand and the screen cracked.  Upon calling Otterbox, I learned there is no warranty for the device only the Otterbox product.<br/>That is like buying an insurance policy that only covers the policy!!<br/><br/>BEWARE OF WHAT YOU ARE BUYING  Otterbox warrants nothing but the Otterbox.
 These are, in my opinion, the best cases you can get to protect your iPhone!
 Super easy to put on.  Purchased another for my sister,  because it's so great.
 We have so much Apple devices at home and so far the only trusted protector is OtterBox - I have young people at home who can be a bit reckless sometimes.<br/>This one is solid and very pretty in Aqua.
 Do NOT buy this case in a light color!! In terms of protection, the case is great. But only a few days in the case got extremely discolored and no matter how much I clean and scrub, it doesn’t help. The case looks disgusting to the point I’m embarrassed to have it. I have reordered the case in a darker color to hopefully rectify this, because I really do like the protection the case provides.
 Purchased the OtterBox Defender for my new iPhone 7, this my second time using OtterBox as the first was with my iPhone 5s, no problem at all. The new OtterBox cover for the front of the phone is not the greatest for the use of the Home Button, some times it is very difficult to turn on, also swipping the cover at times doesn't work. I think the protective front cover has several faults and should be looked at by the manufacturer. Not to happy with this case.
 The case is beautiful but it is hard to write because of the screen and is frustrating
 I have had this case for about a year. The case has taken multiple falls and is still intact and protecting my phone so from that standpoint it’s working. I purchased the camo case and all of the camo has worn off leaving it bright white on the back. They need to find something that doesn’t wear out nearly as easy.
 This holster works great. Easy to slide out and in yet secure. The slim case looks nice and works well.
 Side buttons on phone very hard to press. After using for a month, have decided to toss it and buy another case.<br/>Seems to have great protection for iPhone when dropped though.
 This is pretty much a standard Otterbox protector.  It is a bit large but that isn't a big issue with me.  Overall, this is as good a protector as you're likely to find.
 This was a very durable case and lasted for a long time, but was very clunky, not very lightweight, and hard to fit in pockets and small purses. The case started to crack on the inside over time, and dirt started to collect in the tiny spaces between my phone and the case.
 great support for your iPhone to keep from cracking. secure case.
 Haven’t had this case more than a couple months, and the outer design looks like this now. I can literally scrape the camo print off the back with my fingernail. I’ve had many otter box cases in the past with zero issues. This one, however, isn’t one of them. Would not recommend it.
 So I absolutely have been a huge fan of Otterbox for years. But with the iPhone 8, the TouchID does not work with this case. At first I tried using a smaller finger and even flipping my finger so it would be upside down to see if that made a difference. It did not. Which is a disappointment because they said it works for the iPhone 8.
 Typical OtterBox protection, very nice case. I love the fun bright colors and the polka dots. Nice protection on the sides, thick too. Highly recommend.
 Superior Protection
 This product didn't protect my iPhone 8 from a 2 foot drop on the back on to CARPET. At a MOVIE THEATER. People share things about their phones getting RUN OVER and the otter box protected it. Evidently not true, and I have to pay nearly $500 to fix it.
 This case offers great protection. However it very quickly looked dirty. Nothing seems to clean it. I have bought too many otter boxes to count and have never had this problem.
 good product
 Decent at best. It will definitely protect your phone, but you lose a considerable amount of responsiveness from the touchscreen and the home button to the point that touch ID will not work. Also, the thin plastic covering the home button looks very cheap and will wrinkle/bubble, decreasing the responsiveness of the button even further. I wouldn't buy it again.
 As expected. Arrived early
 It gets 5 stars for durability but it seriously lacks usability. I feel like my beautiful iPhone 7 plus is wrapped in a plastic bag. As I type this I'm annoyed that the plastic sits about 1/8" off the screen and is not a good feeling when the plastic has to be pressed down into the screen with each letter pressed. It's going back.  If you're outside climbing mountains 24/7 this might be the case to get but for the rest of us I think a thinner case will do.
 $35 saved $1,000 phone!! After 1 yr of clumsiness my defender is going strong!!  Many many drops and two dips in the rivier last weekend after turning over the canoe... no issues!  Very very happy customer!!
 This has been a great case for my 13 year old son and his new phone.  I would recommend it for any younger teenager who has a phone.
 This case has one major flaw -every three days or so the screen is full of dirt and dust between the case and the screen.<br/>If a dirty screen doesn't bother you this case could work.
 exactly what I needed and expected. Great product and quick delivery
 Item was as described and so far it’s durable but have only had it 2 weeks. Nice color
 Good case &amp; durable
 Pock marks on the side of the screen from where the case was at. The entire outside edge of the phone has marks on it from this case. Do not buy unless you want your phone damaged.
 I have not had a bad experience with this series of case but I am ordering my iphone 8 tomorrow and I need to know if this case with fit perfectly without any hassel.
 This case is well built and very durable. It is a tad bit bigger than my thinner otterbox but it isn't a big adjustment. The clip comes in handy when I want to entertain my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter with a video. I can prop it up on a table while she is in her high chair and we're both happy! Love the plum/pink color.
 Bought for my wife.. great protection! But this color specifically shows dirt marks too quickly and are very difficult to remove! She put it in her pocket at a concert and her blue jeans stained the rubber. Haven't been able to get the stain out
 Otterbox is the only case I use for my iPhone.  I'm a clumsy person when it comes to my phone and I've dropped it too many times to count and this case has saved it each and every time this is a great case for the price and a  great case in overall. You won't regret your purchase
 This is a genuine Defender case for the iPhone 7 and fits the phone perfectly. Best Defender so far.
 Will never use Any other product to protect my phone. Love otterbox. Worth every penny.
 This does fit the iPhone8, but it doesn’t fit well. The screen cover is raised off of the phone, and misinterprets where you place your fingers. Texting is especially bad.
 It seems like a good case, just a little disappointed that the case was too wide for my iPhone 7 and I had to put some filling in to keep it from rattling when I moved my phone. The case is supposed to be form fitting so not sure why mine was not.
 I just got rid of my 4S with Defender case, boy did that phone take a licking and keep on ticking unfortunately I am not going to be able to use the Defender on my iphone 7, just too big to fit in my pocket of my work pants. Love the Otterbox Defender, wish me luck.
 My son dropped his brand new iPhone 8 that was in an OtterBox Defender case and it was run over by a car. There was not a bit of damage to the phone or the case with the exception of a tire print across it. Amazing product!
 Overall I've been a really big fan of the OtterBox defender case but with the iPhone 7 plus the only problem I have is the air pocket between the phone and the plastic screen that makes me a little worried that if I drop my phone with that little air pocket that there is a chance that my phone will get damaged.
 Good protection for the device. Got this recently for new iPhone 8 and think that it’s not worth it<br/>1. Touch response is sluggish<br/>2. Home button is not as responsive as it should be. Sometimes I need to press harder
 works well.  Awesome
 This was a gift and the recipient loved it.
 Brand name
 Just found my iPhone in the creek!  4” underwater for 30-45 minutes.  Still works fine!  Thank you Otterbox
 Do not buy an otter box, the dirt gets inside the case and ruins the phone permanently. Also these stripes otterbox puts inside the case imprinted into the paint of my phone. Customer service is beyond poor.
 Works great
 Constantly having to take phone out of case and clean the screen protector. It’s constantly always getting dirty for no reason.
 I just now got this otterbox and I gotta say the aqua mint pretty much represents my favorite color teal and it makes my matte black iPhone look great
 The color lasted for about a week, after a couple days it started to stain and they wouldn’t come off. I scrubbed and scrubbed and nothing worked !!
 I drop my phone regularly and it isn’t even scratched once
 This product is a Attractive and durable product<br/>The other also protects your device
 This case is awesome, I just got it today and I love it. The only thing was the little screen film, it was hard for me to type so I cut it off. But other than that awesome case👍🏽👍🏽
 Love the case but it is getting dirty really fast like the one reviewer who had added the picture mentioned. Debating whether to order the Arabesque/plum Defender case?  Anyone know if that shows the dirt as quickly?
 I bought this case in the color VINYASA or pink/purple. I've had it for about three weeks now and I absolutely love it. I haven't had any problems with the colors fading or getting dirty. Highly recommend.
 The case does an excellent job of protecting your phone from falls and wear and tear damage. The screen protector becomes worn over time and is not very clear.
 Its otterbox so u know its good
 Well only 2 weeks old and the belt clip broke
 Easy to install<br/>Works poorly over Zagg glass-hard to use keyboard, encroaches on phone list
 Very durable. Has withstood numerous drops and even protected my phone after my girlfriend angrily threw it at the wall.
 Otterbox only makes there products in the USA. Anything assembled in Mexico or any other country is 100% counterfeit. All you gota do is call otterbox and give them the serial number to confirm this.  Also sold as new in box yet didn't even come in a otterbox box. Just a blank cardboard box. Wow
 Very sturdy case and the screen protector does not interfere with the touch screen at all. iPhone 7 fits perfectly inside
 I ordered with 2 day shipping through amazon prime and received it within 24 hours. The case is exactly as pictured and fits the way it should. Very pleased.
 This product is POOR quality!!! My clip did not even last me a month!
 Back paint on case already scratching off after 2 days
 Love the color and durability
 OtterBox is fantastic!  Arrived timely and protects my phone like no other!
 Fits like a glove
 Nice
 This case is so ugly. Don't buy it. It doesn't match with any outfits. Which obviously is the goal of phone case ownership.
 Love it
 I love this I have the iPhone 7 plus rose gold and it's lovely and it even  complements the phone with any outfit
 Dice para iphone 7 y iphone 8 (No plus) pero llegó un cover para iPhone PLUS....
 Looks good and offers lots of protection!
 Love the durability.
 My daughter love's it
 I love this case so much and I gotten this case for all of my iPhones that I gotten.
 Very protective case but quite bulky
 My phone was dropped Lord knows how many times &amp; it's still standing in perfect condition. The case works people 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
 So far...so good.
 fits perfect
 the screen has been difficult to accurately type on
 Good
 Case started pealing, its only a month or so old.
 Love it
 Very happy
 Screen protector doesn't work good
 Great case !!!
 Works great!
 "Defend your device from drops, dirt and daily adventures" FALSE!!! Last night I was having a daily adventure, and there was an attempted robbery on my phone. The culprit managed to open the "3 ultra tough layers" guarding my device, allowing it to fall on the ground and become severely damaged.<br/><br/>If you are planning on getting robbed AT ALL I would encourage you to purchase a different case.
 I'm rough on my iPhone, so when I got a new iPhone 7, I knew I wanted the protection of the Defender series.  It would be the absolute perfect, ultra-protective case if not for the screen protection and the flimsy plastic-wrap looking cover on the home button.  But thankfully it's an easy mod to fix.<br/><br/>It does completely enclose your iPhone, including the screen, but I've never been fond of the plastic screen cover.  It scratches and just isn't nearly as clear as a tempered glass screen protector.  Also, with the iPhone 7, it looks like they wanted to protect the home button, but it truly does look like an afterthought (as others have mentioned).  It literally looks like a thin piece of plastic wrap, stretched tight and glued across the space for the home button.  Given that the iPhone home "button" isn't really a button any more, and is water resistant, I'd rather just have an open access to the home button rather than that very thin piece of plastic wrap that just looks like it would wrinkle or break over time.<br/><br/>So, I did what someone else suggested out here.  I got my Defender case, took the front piece, and carefully began to cut off the plastic screen protector, including the flimsy piece over the home button.  It's easy enough to get the plastic off once you get started, but there's sticky glue and residue that's left behind.  I used "Goo Gone", let it sit for a while, and was able to get all that glue off.  You're left with just the hard plastic piece for the front, without any screen protector or flimsy plastic for the home button.<br/><br/>I then put a tempered glass screen protector on, then put the phone in the modified Defender case.  VERY happy with this setup.  The Defender case itself is a beast, and does a great job protecting the phone.  Button access is good, and without the flimsy plastic over the home button, there are no problems using it. The edges on the front of the Defender case sits well up from the phone screen, giving it some protection already, but with tempered glass underneath, you've got a very clear, durable front screen protection, plus all the hard-case protection of the Defender.<br/><br/>And you don't have to deal with the flimsy plastic home button, or the easily scratched plastic cover that comes with the Defender.
 I have owned a dozen or more Otterbox Defender cases over the years to protect various iPhones and iPads. I recently purchased an iPhone 8 and immediately slipped it into this case thinking it would be the same "set it and forget it" simplicity as my other Defender cases. Unfortunately, as others have mentioned, there is a gap between the screen protector and the phone's screen, often causing the phone to not register my typing and swipes. This "trampoline effect" of the screen protector is something I noticed almost immediately and has never been an issue on any other Defender case I've owned.<br/><br/>The part that upsets me the most, however, is when I called Otterbox with the defect they confirmed that there is a new "iPhone 8 only" version they are using for warranty replacements that cannot be purchased from their website or anywhere else yet. They said they would gladly send me a new case as a warranty replacement...for $5.99. What? Why would I pay another $6 to replace a faulty product? Especially one that is clearly mislabeled as being compatible with the iPhone 8 when they have designed a separate case they are only using as warranty replacements when people complain. This stinks of a money-grabbing technique to me. They should either ship me the correct one for free or make available for sale the "iPhone 8 only" version so I can return this one and get the updated model.
 Love Otterbox. The only reason I needed to buy a replacement is because it wasn't German Shepherd-proof.  My phone was not damaged though
 This is the second otterbox I purchased in a year. Got new iphone8s and both cases were for my bf who drops his phone a lot. (first one purchased last year for his 7) The defender is def not for looks and is bulky. (which is why I don’t use an otterbox) The back of his first case started to peel off at the edges and the plastic covering the home button was dirty and worn by five to six months. The thing that sets the defender apart from other cases is the screen cover attachment. It is plastic (hard but pliable) and can get scratched up. It is not difficult to use the touch screen. Also, there is a small area at the top where your front face camera and speaker are that is not covered, so debris can enter but you can easily remove the cover and clean it out every so often. BUT, as much as my bf dropped his phone, it never had a scratch or a broken screen. Imo it’s worth replacing every six months. Or year if you don’t mind the peeling/wear and tear.
 I’m so disappointed in this case. I’ve only had it less than 5 months and the back started peeling around the circle for the Apple logo. The plastic piece where the home bottom is is all crudy on the top. Get water on it and it easily gets inside and you have to wrestle the case open to dry it off. I loved my Otterbox from my iPhone 5. I got the Lifeproof case for the iPhone 6 and it was a terrible case for the money. Go back to the Otterbox and it’s crap and find out that they also make Lifeproof cases! What happened to the quality Otterbox?! So disappointed!
 This is my third one in 10 days. None of them fit properly. There’s too much space between the case’s screen and the iPhone’s screen. I always buy Defender series. I had 2 for my 4s, 1 for my 5s, 2 for my 6s, and 1 for my iPad. I know how they’re supposed to fit. This is really disappointing.
 I strongly believe these are the best phone cases out there, PERIOD. I've been using the Otterbox Defender on all of our phones (4 of them) for at least 6 years. We've had the teens use them and my husband and I both used. Not one of us is good with our phones, I'm constantly dropping mine on pavement, cement floors at work, etc. These cases do an amazing job at protecting the phones. The only one flaw to the case that I can say is that the outter rubberish part tends to stretch and not fit the plastic part after a while. While it makes the phone quite bulky and doesn't look the best, it works the best.
 I LOVE my Otterbox Defender Series case! I've always had a Defender case for all my iPhones and it works wonders. I ALWAYS drop my phone whether it falls out of my hand or off of my lap as I get out of my car and my phone has never been damaged while it has been in this case. The new iPhone 7 cases are shaped a bit differently and now that I have the glass protector screen on my phone underneath my case, it is not as sensitive to my touch along the edges of the keyboard. The case also makes the phone a little bulkier, but you get used to it. These things may be annoying, but I'd much rather have small annoyances rather than a broken phone. I would recommend this case to anyone who drops their phone and needs a ton of protection and absorption for their phone!
 I've been using otterbox defender for my iPhone5 and 6Splus. So faithfully I came back to buy this case for my new iPhone 7. The plastic screen protecter is bent when I put the case over the new phone, defeating the purpose of 3D feature of the phone because I would need to press the screen really hard to get things working. I'm attaching the picture here and it shows how the reflection is distorted by the bent plastic. I read that otterbox warrently would not cover any damage if I take off the plastic so I left it on for a day but it was driving me too crazy.  Even my 5-year-old son thought it was just a temporary cover and trying to take it off.  I remember the AT&amp;T clerk who helped me buy the new phone also offered to pop it out. So I assume a lot of people do that...  It really was cheaply made and came right off with a little gentle force. Now the screen is working how it should work (with zagg glass protecter) and the phone is protected with the defender strength shell. I just wish the product came without the plastic and also without the holster I never use for less $.
 I love the color combination and the degree of protection from the Defender cases, but I absolutely hate the plastic screen cover. I am going to keep the case but use an Exacto knife to cut out the screen piece, because I have a PureGear tempered glass screen protector on my phone instead. It utterly ruins the many subtle haptic features of my iPhone 8. I'm currently using an OtterBox Commuter case, which is less bulky and doesn't have the stupid screen cover, but it's less protective in the corners and I don't care for the particular shades of purple in that case as much. This Defender case is not much more expensive than the Commuter case for some additional degrees of protection.
 I’ve gone through dozens of iPhone cases over the past few years, but always return to this one. It makes your phone practically invincible, it looks great, and it feels extremely good in your hand - grippy! The included belt clip is a wonderful touch, and I use it daily.<br/><br/>My only complaint, and this is definitely just a matter of taste, is the built-in screen protector. It’s rugged, sure, but it doesn’t feel great. Fortunately, OtterBox made it very easy to remove - simply blast it with a blow dryer to heat up the glue so that it comes off clean, and pull the screen protector off and use your own.<br/><br/>Other than that, this is a perfect case if you want to keep your phone as safe as possible.
 It's an OtterBox, need I say anything more? Check online and you will see youtube videos of people dropping their phones out of second story windows, and the phones survive. Another thing that makes the Defender series a must for me is the belt clip. I always wear my phone on my hip. Yes, my phone and I are attached at the hip! I remember one time I was jogging with my daughters, and my phone was not securely clicked in place. The phone fell out of the holster at the perfect moment as my leg was moving forward. It landed just right at the top of my shoe for a perfect drop kick. It flew a few yards, landed in the street, flipped and slid a bit. I wasn't worried. It's an OtterBox. I picked up my phone, clicked it in place and continued jogging. I couldn't even find a scratch on the case! Nobody makes a better case than OtterBox.
 Some rain got in between the screen and the screen cover the first day of use. Not heavy rain either, just a little drizzle and the phone was not too exposed.<br/>I’d recommend the commuter series, I will have to return this product.
 I’ve had numerous Otter Boxes before that were great and that’s why I bought another one. The difference is that this one doesn’t fit flat to the screen (there is a slight gap between the phone screen and protective screen).  You have to tap hard on the screen for it to register and it makes a tapping sound as you do it (kind of like the keyboard sound you can choose to have on while texting with an iphone) and I find that very annoying.  Just typing this, I have had to correct so many words because the letters don’t all type. I’m ready to throw this in the trash and press my luck using a different case and risking dropping/breaking the screen.
 Otter box has an issue that is not spoken much of that I think should be spoken of.<br/> The clear screen protectors on some defender series protectors do not sit flat on the screen, preventing the user from accurately being able to use the phone functions on the screen.<br/>Guess what... Yep they are aware of it, they still ship them out with the issue, maybe no one will complain... and yep they will warranty them.<br/> However, now I have a 800.00 phone that I have no protection from until they get one to me, talk about a pain in the butt.<br/>Oh, and guess what, they wanted to charge me shipping for their defective product until I disputed the shipping cost, for God sakes... it is one week old.  It is now on a slow boat from China and I will not receive it for two weeks. Seriously !!!!! Hmmm, Maybe I should have chosen a different product. I think next time I will choose a bit more wisely.
 While the case seems as good as all my previous OtterBox Defenders in terms of drop protection, the screen protection has gone downhill and it really is as bad as previous reviewers have mentioned. This is my 4th Defender case as I’ve been using these cases for each iPhone I’ve owned; none of the others had this problem. The screen protection doesn’t make contact with my phone. It is almost like a huge bubble. It makes it really hard to type as the plastic “protection” makes it difficult to reach the screen and I end up pressing too hard and the phone then doesn’t take the command either. There is also so much dust and small particulates stuck between the screen and the screen protector... it is a mess. I regret having gotten this case and I missed my window to return it.
 This case lasted less than 6 months. The case seemed good for a little while, but really went downhill after I had to remove the case to have the battery replaced. The case was never the same after. The case collected a lot of dirt (I work in a machine shop environment and thought it would prevent the dirt buildup.). That was before the case had to be taken off. After it was reinstalled, it began collecting dirt under the screen cover rapidly, the outer rubberized case started to get loose around the inner hard shell, and the case began to just fit poorly in general. The case was reinstalled properly and the phone had been cleaned off thoroughly with alcohol and a lint free cloth. The case simply did not hold up or keep dirt out. It also turned the phone into a brick (which I expected). I suppose it did a good job of protecting the phone, but the durability wasn’t what you would expect from a brand like otter box.
 This protector case came right on schedule! Very easy to open and to get on my phone! I have three boys who on occasion drop and throw my phone in tantrums and my phone had never scratched or shattered my phone. I did but this to replace my other one which lasted almost an entire year. It is slightly difficult to get off your phone if you want to clean it but I love that because then I know it’s really protecting my phone. The best part is that it has a screen protector attached to it with a cover for your home button. You don’t need to purchase any temper glass or silicone screen protector. It’s a purchase that’s one and done. The only part of your phone that is exposed is the front and back cameras and the speakers. The charger is protected very well so I never have to worry about any water or dirt getting into the port.
 This is one of the most beautiful colors I’ve seen of otter box. I had a HTC one before the iPhone and the defender series otter box has protected it from my 2 year old toddler so brilliantly (including 5’ hardwood floor drop, throwing it in a fit, etc.) Obviously I thought this cover for my new iPhone  would be so cool with all the girly colors too ! The color combination is lovely, the case is super sturdy as expected BUT the iPhone screen is too far from the otter box screen making even my passcode entry a three time attempt sometimes that it got super frustrating! I’m giving 3 stars for the color, sturdiness and the design (love the cap for the silent button) but I’m so disappointed it doesn’t work! I’ll be returning it.
 My husband is a mechanic and we recently switched over to iPhones so I made sure I got him the strongest box possible since he always breaks his phones .  it worked great the only issue he had was the plastic that covers the fingerprint area gets worn out sometimes he has to keep doing it to get it to work . He also thought it was a good idea to set the phone on top of our car on our road trip at a rest stop and we didn’t realize till we were two hours away by the time we got back and found it it had fallen off rightAs you get on the exit ramp to the highway it was in pieces when we found it but it was still together the phone was outside of the Autre box which is understandable and it was completely gone and ruined but the Autre box plastic was still all together the protective screen was crushed which I’m sure would happen if you were run over constantly on the highway.  As you get on the exit ramp to the highway it was in pieces when we found it but it was still together the phone was outside of the Autre box which is understandable and it was completely gone and ruined but the Autre box plastic was still all together the protective screen was crushed which I’m sure would happen if you were run over constantly on the highway  I took a picture of the Otter box and send it in and within a week they sent me a brand new one I was very pleased and I don’t mind paying the five dollars to ship it that’s understandable for postage .
 I ordered the OtterBox Defender for my new iPhone 8.  I was able to install it easily.  This is my first OtterBox.  I used Survivor cases on previous phones, but they were not available for my new iPhone 8.  So now I’ve had my OtterBox for about 10 months.  I’ve dropped the phone several times and sometimes in puddles.  The OtterBox does great at keeping my phone damage free.  But I’m finding that I frequently have to take the phone out of the OtterBox and clean everything inside the case.  The problem is that dust, sand, lint and dirt works it’s way into the case.  It gets lodged under the OtterBox screen and makes it difficult for the touch screen to work.  Also, the bottom corners of the surround case are not holding the phone tight, so there is an air gap.  I found that every time I take the phone to the beach, I have to open it up and clean it when I get home.  So now I put it in a ziplock bag when I go to the beach.  Frustrating.  Debating whether to order a new one or something different.  And I have a friend with the same OtterBox and he is having the same problem with the bottom corners of the case separating.
 Have had otter box defenders on all of our phones since I first bought the Apple G3. They have always been rough and tough. I have the dropsies and my phones look brand new when I remove them for cleaning. Wouldn’t have any other case. I put it had a 4 for ease of use. It is not easy to take them off after you put them on but that is why they are protective. I also could do without the plastic front because they decrease the touch response of the phone. I remove mine and put on a tempered glass screen protector. The protective plastic also gets dirtier than a screen protector and you can’t see because the oil from your face doesn’t wipe off easily. It also inhibits the view of the screen.
 Update:  I'm disappointed.  The box has continued to protect my phone I have no complaints about that.  BUT this type has just caused disillusion.  The paint on the case is coming off. If you use germX do not touch your phone till your completely dry.  Phone cases need to be cleaned. Phones are one of the biggest pools for bacteria and germs.  I like to clean mine. I used a little germx on it and the paint just disappeared.  I've not got a mostly white case on the backside where it use to be pretty camo.  Now I've used Otterbox for years as stated below and I've cleaned them and never had this problem.  I did not have this problem when I bought this same case for my Samsung before I switched back to iphone.  I don't know what the problem is but mine and my husbands are the same and doing the same thing. I might add he hasn't cleaned his phone and has not used germx.  I took away one star because of this issue.<br/><br/>OtterBox never disappoints.  I throw my phone more times than I care to admit but with Otterbox I know my phone is protected.  This box does not interfere with the touch ID.  It fits the Iphone 8 perfectly.  I have been a faithful Otterbox user since the early 2000's and I've never had any damage to my phones. Now that being said I always get the Defender Series.
 Wow I’ve had this case since August 8th 2017 and it’s held up and still holding up and it’s turkey day tomorrow I usually go threw these cases within a few months cause the rubber wears down... it really does the charm!! I’ve had the phone drop several times and my phone has yet to break!!!! Otter box is true to its name!! I got frustration free packaging for this case which why it doesn’t come in it’s norm packaging you see at stores I was skeptical at first why it didn’t come but the frustional free was cheaper which why I picked it... I saved myself like 20 dollars on this case cause they have it at Walmart for like 50.... but the damn thing is camo and whenever I Place it on it’s back I can never find it I legit gotta use my moms house line to call it lol I laugh at it tho or I should be worried I’m going blind !!! It’s a great case!!! Fits in 7 iPhone for me
 The Eggplant/Gray color was on sale, so I bought it instead of black. I actually really like the colors now that I have it.<br/><br/>Every iPhone I’ve owned still looks brand new due to living it’s entire life in an OtterBox case. I highly recommend this product.
 Got this case for the new iphone 8 our son got for his birthday.  He can be hard on electronics (like most kids) and we needed something near bulletproof so OtterBox it was.  I have seen other OtterBox products in the past and they all seem to be built the same (like a tank).  If you are looking for something slim or low profile you should move along but if you are looking for something that will protect your device from nearly anything and leave it looking like new then this case is for you.  5 months of use and many hours of Fortnite and other games played and his phone looks like new and doesn't have a scratch.  OtterBox never disappoints.  For me I just don't love using anything over my touch screen so that part of the case always my least favorite but the protection is worth it for us and my son really doesn't mind at all and has never complained about the size of the case or screen protector.  Great product if you need the most protection - not cheap but a lot cheaper than a new phone and with an OtterBox on your phone you always feel safe.
 Pros:<br/>• Does a good job protecting the phone: It gets the basics done. I've dropped it a few times and my phone hasn't sustained any damage.<br/>• Easy to keep a grip on: The rubber-y exterior is easy to hold onto.<br/>• Buttons are all easily accessible<br/>• Charging port is easily accessible<br/>• Doesn't interfere with wireless charging.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>• Dirt and dust gets under the screen protector easily: This is one of the more annoying aspects of the case. The hard plastic that encases the phone isn't completely flush with the phone itself. There's a gap on the top front where the front facing camera is and top back where the rear camera is. Every so often, I have to take off the case to clean it out.<br/>• Bulky: I knew this was a big case prior to purchase but it has been annoying trying to fit it in the microscopic pockets some women's pants have, but that's more a fault of clothing producers. Still, it's not a small case so keep that in mind.<br/>• Screen protector seems cheap: Part of the reason I bought this is because it has a built in screen protector. But it seems like it's cheaper than the rest of the case itself. It scratches really easily and, again, it's not flush with the phone itself. Because of that, there are times where the screen lays heavily against the phone in some areas but not others. It causes some odd distortions of color (most noticeable on white). The screen doesn't look as good with this protector on it as opposed to a protector that's separate from the phone.<br/><br/>It's not a bad case but it can definitely be improved.
 OtterBox, get rid of the bad screen protectors already.<br/>This case has a iPhone 8 sitting inside of it. Feels just as good and durable as all the other OtterBox Deffender cases I have gotten over the years. Holes and buttons all line up nicely with the phone. The AmazonBascis charging cable fits inside the opening.<br/>2 gripes though:<br/>1 - The phone seems to slop around side to side inside the case. My old case for the iPhone 6s had zero movement inside.<br/>2 - Not a defect at all... But I was just used to the broken in feel of my old case. The new one's edges are rough yet. But that will get taken care of over time.
 I recently upgraded my phone from an iPhone 6 to the iPhone 7 but it feels like I downgraded my case. I have been using the Otter Box defender series for years now and I have never had an issue (In fact I would brag about how well protected my phone was and what great shape these cases have kept my phones in). The cases have always been high quality and once I purchase the case I have it for the duration I have the phone. However, I don't think that will be the case with this one. I have had it for 2 days now and I can't get over how cheap it looks and feels. The corners of the rubber case are not snug on the the hard plastic portion on the front and the seal sound the the camera lens and light keeps popping up. I had my iPhone 6 in the same Otter Box Defender series case for over 2 years and the case still looked new and had tight seals around the edges and when I turned my phone in, it was in pristine condition. I think I might be purchasing a Life Proof case in the near future at the suggestion of my husband and friends. I was really hoping the other reviews about bad cases were wrong, but unfortunately they are not. I am so disappointed in the quality of this case. So sad that phones have become better but Otter box has become cheap.
 Case has started to peel on the backside within a week of using. very low quality material used on this case.
 Strong enough to keep a teen's phone safe, good-looking enough to make him or her happy!  Right after we bought her and IPhone, my teen bought a cuter, but less protective OtterBox.  My teen mistakenly thought every OtterBox protected the same.  This is not true!  Her phone shattered within the first month by dropping it less than 12 inches.  Fortunately, we had bought the IPHONE insurance.  For her replacement phone, she bought this DEFENDER SERIES case.  She has dropped her IPhone multiple times, with no phone breaks.  DEFENDER SERIES is much stronger than some of the other OtterBox options.
 Otter cases have a good reputation and thus are priced higher than similar cases.  This case has the potential to be very good, but has one fatal flaw.  The front piece has a plastic protective cover that covers the phone screen and button, ostensibly to protect the screen  However, there is an air gap between the plastic and the actual screen that makes it very difficult to use the phone.  Also, the cover is cheap plastic and scratches quickly.  Like many others, I removed the plastic and just used a screen protector mounted directly to the phone instead.  After removing the plastic, there is a sticky adhesive residue left behind that is a bear to remove.  I guess I could have used a sharp blade to cut the plastic in the opening instead of removing it.<br/><br/>In any case, I have to give 2 stars to a product I have to modify myself to make work.
 The last time I owned an Otterbox Defender Series case was when I had an iPhone 4.  I really liked it back then and don't recall having any problems with it.  This one is just fine, except the screen protector makes it difficult to comfortably click/scroll with your fingers.  I'm still debating whether that's worth all the protection this case provides or not.
 The OtterBox Defender color choices, even after many years, still stink. Why would you offer a pretty dark-teal blue cover but then put an off-white, totally plastic-looking face on it? Where are the other color choices? But you've gotta take the bad with the good. No other cover holds up and protects your phone like this one. Get this one because it has a screen protector. We've already been using one for years. This really happened: my husband's iPhone got "lost" in the parking lot at work, under his work vehicle, overnight, in the Houston rain. And the phone made it. Unbelievable. It makes me a little less irritated that the charging port flap is so heavy and rigid. (It makes it awkward to lift up for using.) Now I realize that's a waterproofing thing. Bad with the good, right? The control buttons are also a little less responsive, harder to depress, than they should be. That's, in my opinion, a manufacturing quality control thing and not a waterproofing thing, because our other Otter Box Defender buttons have been easier to press since it was new. This was almost a four- and not five-star review but the box is too effective to rate as a four.
 The case in general is good but the edges easily gets dirty and as a result its turning black color on the corners. Disappointed with it. I have it for just less than a month. I even tried to brush it with soap and water but dirt stays in there.
 This is an armored truck around my phone. My phone much feel like as protected as the president in this case!<br/>All ports are covered. when you plug in your charger, the cover over the port blocks your view for the female port on the phone. Double check to make sure it is in and charging the phone. Some days, I woke up to a dying phone bc the charger was only in part way.<br/>The hard case is under the rubber case. The case is kind of bulky, with female jeans the pocket will be too small to fit the phone. :( But you wanted this seemingly indestructible phone.<br/>The built in screen protector seems to hinder my touch screen sensitivity. But Im patient so idrc about that.
 You can do high impact aerobics with your iPhone, drop your iPhone, and kick it across a dance floor, and your iPhone will be FINE as long as it’s in THE AMAZING OTTERBOX.<br/><br/>I would give this OtterBox five stars, but DESPISE how scuzzy the clear screen gets.<br/><br/>Also, don’t go swimming with your iPhone in this OtterBox and expect your iPhone to work. Even a drop of rain can sneak into this OtterBox and screw up your iPhone.<br/><br/>That said, I LOVE THE COLORS of this OtterBox. My iPhone looks better covered up with such an attractive OtterBox.<br/><br/>As an aggressive runner, WITHOUT an OtterBox, I have smashed an iphone’s Screen. Now, with an OtterBox, I can run outside and drop my iPhone (inside an OtterBox) on concrete and all is good!
 I researched cell phone cases thoroughly before I chose the two Otterbox Defender..  I am very  pleased with my new cases.  The exterior is neither spongy nor slippery--just right.  It fits the I-phone 8  perfectly, like it is part of the phone.  The built-in screen protector is just a piece of flexible plastic, but, combined with the protruding frame of the case, it looks like it will offer good protection.  It does not interfere with the  touch screen and buttons at all.  I am really happy with the case and also with Amazon.  The two Otterbox cases I ordered (one for my husband's new phone) cost about half what the same model did at my local  Sam's Club.  I had more of a choice of colors at Amazon too.  I had just traded my $15 flip phone in for the I-phones, so I was eager to get wanted to get a case on the new one right away, so I would not worry about  carrying it.  The package of cases arrived within 12 hours of my ordering!
 Pros:<br/>EXACTLY as expected!<br/>No weird plastic smell<br/>Seems very durable and well made<br/>Cheaper than otterbox website price<br/>Arrived the very next day after purchasing!<br/>Surprisingly sleek for something so durable<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>Still a bit expensive, but honestly well worth it<br/><br/>I am very pleased so far! I have had my iPhone 5S for 5 years and it's been messing up a lot lately so I decided it was finally time to retire it. I have only used 2 otterbox defenders in all that time along with a glass screen protector and my phone doesn't have a scratch on it, even after 5 years worth of drops and throws. I absolutely love the otterbox defender series!<br/>I bought a used iPhone 7 yesterday and then ordered this online right after. I can't believe it's already here! I am extremely pleased with how it looks. It's not as bulky as the 5S one was, which I didn't really even mind anyway, but is still a pleasant surprise. I don't have the phone yet so I don't know how it looks with the phone inside and can't review that part, but I hope what I put here helps! Strongly recommend!
 Have purchased several Otter box cases.  Each time my wife upgrades her cell phone the first thing she does is search for the Otter box that fits her phone.  This one did not dissapoint either.  Can't ever go wrong when buying an OtterBox product.  My wife had this exact case for her last phone, an Iphone 6 Plus and had her phone I. The case for over a year.  I was able to resell her phone in MINT condition for top dollar.  When I took it out of the OtterBox it looked like it was 100 percent brand new.  I was sooooo happy she used the OtterBox when it came time to resell the phone !
 Very surprised to find a OtterBox Defender at this price.  Really like the color.  Just a note:  I'm using it with an iPhone 8 and the Samsung Fast Charge wireless charger(about $60 on Amazon) and it does charge through both layers of this OtterBox Defender case when charging in the horizontal position. The charger does have an approximate 45 degrees from horizontal position option, but it's seem to have difficulty connecting in this position.
 I looked back at my purchases to see what phone case was on my phone and what I needed to get next. Thought I would leave a review just over a year after having. It's been a pretty dang good case. Quality like always for otterbox. I honestly only expect the case to last roughly a year from having a 4 year old to being outside all of the time. The ONLY reason I am giving this 4 stars is the color. I made a bad decision or they need to only make darker colors. Or maybe just expect to change it more often. By now the phone looks pretty dirty on the back. The only actual flaw with the case itself is that in the last month it has started to slightly peel around the circle for the Apple logo on the back. Having not messed with it that hasn't really gotten too bad. Overall, I'm happy with quality but am about to purchase a darker color in hopes of getting a year and a few more months out of the next one!
 I have used Otterbox products in the past, but this was the first time using for the iPhone (I have a 7). While the case itself is sturdy, the cover that goes over the touch screen has almost a tackiness to it, your finger doesn’t quite slide around like it should. But my main compliant!? It completely muffles my calls. No one can hear me whatsoever. To see if it was the Otterbox, which I had read many accounts that it likely was, I went to five below, bought a cheap little rubber case for the back, and I put a Coos brand glass screen protector on. Guess what?! Everyone could suddenly hear me.<br/><br/>This issue is not limited to this brand, however. I got a Speck cadyshell yesterday and am muffled again. Also a common issue with the Lifeproof case.
 I have used Otterbox for years.  I recently got these for my kids, knowing that they would put their new phones through the ringer.  (Teenage soccer players with busy schedules = many drops!).<br/><br/>The case fits great, and they have already protected the phones from many drops, only a few months after getting them.  I wouldn’t send them out with less at this point in life.<br/><br/>The only thing I don’t like is that the case does let in some dirt and dust around the mic and camera areas.  It does require periodic cleaning, or the dirt will etch into the glass of the phone.  It is a bit of a challenge to take it apart without breaking the tabs, but it can be done with some patience and care.<br/><br/>Overall - Highly recommended for active individuals who take their phones everywhere.  Super drop protection.
 Love Otterbox brand. I’m very prone to dropping my phone and they have always protected it. I liked this one for my new phone for the cute polka dots.<br/>Two things- the plastic screen cover makes typing difficult. I have never had problems with tapping on links or texting before this case. My previous one didn’t have this plastic and I just used a typical screen protector. This plastic is attached and part of the case.<br/>Second-  the case is really deep. And the place for the charger plug and the mute button are covered by a “flap”. The flap faces down. So you have to hold it up and slide in the charging chord. I’m not sure why, but it is super awkward and difficult. You certainly can’t do it one handed or quick whil you were driving. I finally took a knife and cut off the two flaps so these areas were open.<br/>Overall, same great quality. I’ve dropped my new phone once, and it came away without a scratch.
 Great case.  Fits my new i-phone 7 perfectly.  Sturdy.  Protects i-phone when I drop it (as inevitably happens).  Protects screen, too.  Light weight.  I used OtterBox Defender Series for 5 years for my previous i-phone (4), and found the cases worth the investment, protecting my i-phone.  Though a little bulky, the trade-off, at least for me, is protecting my expensive i-phone 7.
 My first otter box case.  People complain about the bulkiness of it, but I like that.  Feels good in my hand. And it’s not slippery.  Grips well.  I got the cover that has the plastic over the screen- didn’t like that cause my screen didn’t react as easily so I cut it out.  I realize this makes it less water resistant but I need it more for protection when dropped, so it’s all good in that regard.  Have had it awhile now- hasn’t discolored and when used with the love handle strap on back it’s perfect.
 So we have bought several otter boxes for kids’ iPhone SE’s and iPhone 7. This is VERY WELL DESIGNED and it totally covers up all of the niceties of an iPhone - but it does an amazing job of protecting phones. The only sketchy part of the design is the little plastic circle that covers the Touch ID sensor - they seem to wear out in a few months and get lost - (im not sure what the point of having it there is anyhow - but that is it. Also the screen protector portion is less that stellar - and I think they could design a better option - but if you have kids that are hard on phones or you are yourself I don’t think there is a better option than the otter box.
 So disappointed. I’ve lost the fast response of the touch screen by putting my new 7 in it. The finger print function won’t work and typing the “p” is impossible without switching hands to hit it from the other side. The plastic face doesn’t sit on the phone surface so I have to press down hard on each key. I’m returning it.
 I purchased this case in June 2017. This is not my first OtterBox case; in fact, OtterBox is the only case that I choose to use on my devices. However, this is the first time that I have had problems with the belt clip not working properly. The belt-clip holster-kickstand is defective and does not work as a hand-free media stand. I had to call OtterBox Customer Service, 1-855-688-7269 and pay $4.99 for them to send me a new one, on a product that has a 1 year warranty. Amazon Other Products, LLC should have exchanged it free of charge or reimburse the fee.
 These are the only case out there that they sell just for the iPhone 8 That are worth buying. The only problem I have is every so often I have to take it apart and wipe off the screen because moisture  gets under the scree protector attached to it. I tried the other one the life proof Series you cannot hear anybody at all and they cannot hear you that case is not worth the money they want for it. I wish I kept my old iPhone 7 case that purchased on here for $8.99  with a screen protector separately this was the best case ever I had it for over two years dropped my phone numerous times And it was not till I went to upgrade my phone a few months ago that the case started to crack a little bit and it  still held on and protected my phone. I only had to replace the screen protector Because I dropped it on a ceramic floor. I cannot remember the name of the company I purchased the screen protector  from but there are good ones out there
 Super Great Product to own if you have an iPhone of any model /  It is pretty much indestructible /  I have dropped my old iPhone 6 many times and it has not cracked the screen or done any damage to the Otterbox at all!!!  Otterbox makes other type of phone protectors and they are probably good too, but the Otterbox Defender is the best out of the 3 they make!! Last if you do brake any part of you Otterbox and you call the manufacture in Colorado , they will try to make it right at no charge if possible. I had the  belt clip  brake  on my Otterbox Defender IPhone 6  after having it for over a 1 1/2 years and they sent me a brand new one at no charge including shipping!!  Great company  ( Otterbox ) to deal with!!
 My previous OtterBox case was for my very old Samsung Galaxy S3, which still looks almost new because of the case. Bought this for my daughter's iPhone 7 and this case is built like a tank! I thought it would be really bulky afterwards, but surprisingly it isn't. The phone fits well inside the case, even with an added  tempered glass protector on the phone's screen. I  like how the case is slightly raised higher than the phone screen, similar to my old case.  Knowing how my old OtterBox case saved my old phone from many drops to the ground, I have no doubt the new case will do the same to my daughter's phone. Definitely would buy from OtterBox whenever I update any of my family phones.
 The image wears quickly off of the case. Not good for active people. I’ve had it for a month and the image is just about gone. Stop selling trash, probably a knock off anyways. I had the same case years ago and this problem didn’t happen.
 I used to love Otterbox, but the side cracked on two of these cases. With the warrenty, they replace it free with a $5.99 shipping fee, however, it takes 8-10 days ground and you have to risk walking around without a solid case until it comes. UPDATE 12/27/18 My online warrenty request didn't go through and I called today and asked them if they can rush the replacement. They apologized very sincerely for my order getting messed up, but they won't express ship it without charging me even more money and even then it's still 4-5 days to replace. Hell no. I'll just buy a new case and I won't use Otterbox anymore,
 My go to case, I Phone stays immaculate while the cover takes the abuse, Just beware if you tuck it in your pocket and start heavy sweaty work, moisture will build up slightly but nothing major. Not as bulky as the earlier Defender models but still a bit bulkier than slim decorative covers but amazing protection against drops and dust. Don't think twice. protect your phone with the best. I do not use the belt hanging clip that comes with it, but that is by choice. The cover comes with screen protection since it is a clam shell design that completely encases the phone. Does not affect button functions at all and allows perfect reading of the thumb print technology. This is my 3rd Otterbox cover in as many phones that i have upgraded. All are in mint condition.
 This was my first Amazon Warehouse Deal and I'll admit that I was extremely skeptical. However, I was pleasantly surprised when this item came well packaged and with absolutely no flaws. I am so glad that I purchased this from the warehouse deals section. Great pricing and item looks and feels brand new. This is for my husband's phone and it is exactly what he wanted and he even remarked that it looked brand new. He's been a longtime fan of the OtterBox Defender and each one has lasted without any problems. He's never had to replace an OtterBox and he takes his on hunting and fishing trips all the time. Dust and dirt will get trapped between phone and case over time, so I highly recommend cleaning your phone and case at least once a month. But other than that, this is a great product.
 I like Otter Box products and had a case like this for my iPhone 6s.  So, wanted to get another.  The problem I am having is trying to type.  It's difficult and sometimes you have to hit a letter more than twice even. Swiping and scrolling is an issue as well.  I'm hoping over time the screen may become more flexible with use. The area where you press the bottom of the screen is kind of deep as well and you have to press harder than usual.
 I bought this for my iPhone 7 and it is perfect. Even though it comes with a plastic screen, I put a protective glass screen on the front of my phone first. I am not sure what the black case is for - maybe hanging it on my belt? That's not going to happen!
 Otterbox defender case is always my choice to protect my kids iphones. I have been buying otterbox defenders since they came out. This particular color is great and as it is new I have not experienced any discoloration yet as other reviews have mentioned. In my opinion, if any discoloration begins to occur, I will still feel confident that the phone is protected. I hope the color doesn't fade but my primary reason for choosing this case is for the protection it gives the phone. We have never had a phone damaged when using an otterbox defender.
 I believe I bought the used but good condition. I love otter box defender cases , this is my fourth one in the spand of 5 years. The case is cute. And did say it was used but good condition. The plastic screen has two big obvious non removable smudge marks. 1of the two is very obvious cause it looks like a black smudge of a finger print so up again anything white screened which is almost everything then you can see it! I tried to take it off thinking it was a marker mark. And no luck. The 2nd smudge is very noticeable when the screen is dark which gets really annoying because it makes me fell like it is always dirty. I need a case now , so I can’t return this. Otherwise I totally would. Worse amazon purchase ever!
 Otterbox Defender Series is the best! This was an exact replacement for my spouses phone, which was left on the roof of a car. The case protected the phone after flying off the car at 65 mph in the pouring rain. Phone luckily landed in freeway median. It sat there for 5 hrs, until we realized it was missing. Luckily the find phone app led us right to it.  The old case was still in decent shape, however 3 of the corners took good hits bouncing off the freeway asphalt, so we decided to replace it. Thanks Otterbox for making an icredibly durable case!
 Though it appears to be sturdy, this otterbox seems to attract moisture.  Several times, I've had to take apart the whole case to wipe down the inside of the screen, as moisture had seeped in, rendering the touchscreen inoperative.  Additionally, there appears to be a design flaw, in that there is a very small gap between the screen of the otterbox and the screen of the phone, so that extra pressure is needed when using the touchscreen.  A definite disappointment.
 Only giving it 4 stars cause I don’t want people to think it’s a fake five star review. I learned not to trust the five stars or for that matter the one stars. Anyways, very pleased again the Otter Box. Sturdy and dependable.  Only wish the iPhone 8 one would come in more colors. Mine is grey. Would have preferred a brighter color, but none available
 I love otterbox and the protection they offer for my phone- but I don’t love the screen protector on this version. I ended up popping it out and installing a different screen protector because the otterbox one scratched within days and kept getting smudges underneath it somehow.
 After breaking my screen a third time with a folio style cover I decided I must get serious and use the Defender again. I’ve come to terms with the bulk. Thank you for the new color options as only black was available when I first purchased a Defender years ago. My complaint is the fingerprint function on the home button is spotty at best. The past few days it hasn’t worked at all.
 Beautiful case, and very sturdy. However, the description online says that the case will fit the 8 and 7. This is incorrect. This case does not fit the 8. The 8 is thinner and the protective screen on the otter box does not fit snugly with the iphone screen. Therefore scrolling and typing is extremely difficult. Do not buy this for your iphone 8! The box says for the iphone 7.
 This otter box fix my IPhone 8 perfectly! Got a great deal on it from Amazon Warehouse Deals with only a minor scratch on the hard outer case which is no big deal. It was missing the original packaging but that didn’t bother me either. I love the fact that this otter box is beveled along the back which makes it much easier to open the tabs to charge and to silence the phone. I always hated prying those tabs open and the new design makes a big difference. I also like the recessed holes for the camera and speakers which means they are less likely to get damaged or dusty. I have been using otter boxes on my iPhones for years and I wouldn’t trust anything else to keep them save.
 It's an Otterbox…. What more can you say?<br/><br/>My fourth Defender. Bought this one when I upgraded recently to a new I-Phone 7.<br/><br/>Had used a Defender on my older phone which died but was without a mark when I removed it from the Otterbox.<br/><br/>Bought a Defender for my wife's new I-Phone 7+. She finds it a little bulky in her purse but appreciates the protection it provides.
 After using this case on my iPhone for about 8 months, my iPhone is still perfectly safe n sound. However, the front edges of the case start to expand, which I really don't like.<br/>When it comes to protection, this case does it extremely well. I've dropped my iPhone numerous amounts of time, and not a single damage was done.<br/>I had to remove the screen protector that comes installed on the case because it's really bad. I used my own screen protector, and that works really well.<br/>The rubber material is what I liked the most, I can place it on specific surfaces and not worry about the iPhone slipping.
 I can't say enough great things about the Otterbox Defender. I have dropped my iPhone so many times on concrete, wood floors, tables, etc. from 3 to 5 feet up. Yep, I'm clumsy I guess. But the Defender has protected my iPhone every single time. Never a scratch or break. The only downside is having to take it apart to clean my phone. Even though the case seems tightly closed, dust and dirt always seems to find it's way under the protective plastic cover over the glass of the iPhone. Small price to pay for having my phone well protected though.
 I had a symmetry before I ordered this case. I bought it when I got my phone, and only because they didn't have a defender I liked. I ordered this after my screen protector started cracking. I have never had any problems with the defenders. They are very durable (I'm kind of rough on my phones and I've broken 2-3 commanders). They do however make your phone alot bigger because it is a thick case. I recommend a dark color if you don't use the clip and put it in your pocket. My pink one turned blue from putting it in my pocket.
 I bought the Otterbox Defender for my iphone 8 to buy time until the Catalyst waterproof case was available.  I have used several full wrap cases for past iphones and I can easily say that the Otterbox Defender offers superior protection from drops and bumps.  However, I gave the product a 3 star primarily because of the difficulty I had with touch screen front cover.  As you approach the front cover edges, the touch screen cover sensitivity gets worse.  I am frequently having to reenter my passcode because of touchscreen failures.  I feel that there is too large a space between the screen and cover that requires a harder tap of the finger to activate the screen.  The Catalyst product feels like the cover screen is right up against the phone screen making touch activation very smooth without any differences as you near the edge.  Otterbox has a little work to do with their touch screen cover.  The case felt a little klunky to me but if your looking for extreme protection, this one works.
 Great, safe case. My husband and I both have one and we have young children who drop the phones on occasion and our phones have been no worse for the wear. It was suggested to me at the phone store to pull out the plastic that covers the screen and put a glass screen protector instead and I’m glad I followed that advice. That plastic screen cover that is attached makes it very hard to use the touch screen. Colors other than black get dirty easily and can’t really come clean so I suggest getting black or another dark color.
 Would not fit the iPhone 8. The case was way too large. The case looked okay otherwise without any scratches or signs of it being a used iPhone case. I had to return the case because it didn't fit the iPhone 8 cellphone.
 I've had Defenders on everything since my iPhone 4. The only two I have had problems with are the one on my iPod touch and this one. There's clearly a gap between the iPhone 8 screen and the otterbox screen protector. Sometimes it takes 3 or 4 taps to get it to respond. Typing is complete pain. I just popped the sim back in my iPhone SE until I find something better.<br/><br/>Edit: upon leaving the review I see others with similar complaints. On top of the screen protector gap I have also noticed the volume and power buttons require way more effort than with other phones with Otterbox installed. I really don't think this box is made for the 8.
 I've had this case for a few months now and my phone doesn't have a scratch on it, in spite of the fact that I have dropped it countless times. The case is certainly reliable and sturdy and the purple nebula color is just as it is depicted in the advertised image. The reason I am giving it 4 stars (instead of 5) is that the plastic that goes over the screen does not make the touch-screen capabilities very easy to use. I find myself spending more time and using more force when typing or browsing through my apps. Eventually you get used to it but it still gets annoying from time to time.
 I quite like this case for my iPhone 8 after following the recommendation of another reviewer to pop out the built in screen and just use a separate shatter-resistant screen instead. Before that, the screen was not very functional and I couldn’t use the outer edges of the keyboard. I chose screen protector replacement route rather getting the commuter series otter box because I like how the top layer of this case covers the parts of my screen that don’t display anything but  could still get cracked and ruin the rest of the phone (e.g., around the home button, lens, speaker).
 I love the concept but I've had my share of issues with this.  I will say that it's very durable and will protect against drops.  But it's far too easy for "stuff" to get between the outside screen protector and the phone.  There's some kind of dust or something getting in; after a while the phone screen gets dirty on the inside.  I have to open the case and clean both the phone screen and inside of the screen protector with a cloth and lens cleaner every so often.<br/>And last night I was out in a snowstorm on a search &amp; rescue call; I had the phone inside a waterproof pocket in my jacket but still melted snow was seeping between the phone screen and case.  Having liquid inside rendered the touchscreen useless and was extremely frustrating in this environment.<br/>If you'll ever be in situations like this you'll have to get something that's advertised as being waterproof or water resistant because this lets liquid inside far too easy and then you won't be able to use it.
 Easy to install on iPhone8. Provides outstanding phone protection. Does not seem to interfere with induction charging - but it’s hard to tell because different chargers work differently. So, though it charges with my Honda Odyssey, I haven’t compared charging rate with and without the case on. Negatives are the bulk it adds to the phone and that dust still gets under the screen. Easy to disassemble and clean (monthly or so), so that’s not too bad.  Overall, I’m satisfied.
 Don't know what all the negative talk from earlier reviews is all about. Previously had a Supcase for a note 4, moved on to iClone, got this one and its great. Came in an official box and all, fits the phone nice and snug. Swipes up with no problem. Gives me the bulk I need to make me feel like I'm not going to break the phone. 5 stars. No need to remove the screen cover unless you work outdoors in which case you're always gonna have screen protector issues.
 The Otterbox Defender and Defender cases are the absolute greatest. I have been using them on all Apple product lines that I have purchased over the last 5 years. I also give my highest praise to the Otterbox Customer Service Department, They have few equals. I spoke to Otterbox today. This case from<br/>Amazon is advertised by Amazon as being for an IPhone 7 and 8. Please be advised that according to Otterbox, although the case appears to fit an Iphone 8, the screen protector is not designed for it. I found this out when my screen was not responsive at all in any way. There are other subtle differences as well. Amazon and Otterbox have both taken care of this for me and I have only praise for both
 I feel really safe with this case and that's a good thing when the phone is so expensive.  It looks sharp too.  It loses a star from the screen protector though being fairly easily scratched and somewhat elevated from the surface of the screen making the touchscreen aspect a bit strange.  The home cover button isn't meant to last either and will eventually fall off maybe after a year or so of use.  I got some glass screen protectors, ripped all the plastic off this one and combined the two and I have the perfect phone case.  had that originally been the design it would be perfect from the start
 Ever since I was recommended the OtterBox Defender case, I haven't used anything else. There's no need! OtterBox may be one of those "premium" brands, but I feel you really do get what you pay for, even at full retail price. Plus there's a large variety of colors to choose from. The only thing I'm not crazy about is their screen protector. I would recommend going with a glass shield instead. The membrane over the Home button tends to make Touch ID a little unreliable, and removing it can cause some moisture to get in and build up under the rest of the screen.
 You might give up a little bit of size and comfort but when the phone drops, falls, slips, etc...thats when you just smile because thats why you bought the Defender. Been using them ever since they came out. I do have other cases but it is the go to, all purpose, cant be beat rugged case. Lifeproof is a nice case too. IMHO, better audio for the phone, I can hear more clearly on the Otterbox and I am heard more clearly on the OBD.
 Had Otterboxs before.  Otterbox doesn’t offer total protection like a Lifeproof case and is bulkier but costs less and sound playback and microphone work better.  Pros and cons for both cases.  Lifeproof case finally wore out after 2 hard years so got the Otterbox to cover the remaining gap till I get a new phone
 So far-its the usual sturdy case I have been used to from previous generations iPhone-its slicker at the expense of protection though.<br/>Hopefully, that trade-off is not going to prove costly in the long run.  I was perfectly OK with caring "the brick" my case looked like for iphone 5. With its waterproof seals, metal clasps and silicon pillow inside it simply rendered my 5 and the subsequent 5s indestructible.  I even overlooked the thumb print unlock in order to keep the safety added by the otterbox.
 I have kids so this is a must. Plus I drop stuff, a lot. This is my fourth Otterbox Defender case and I have not been dissapointed. I've dropped my phone down steps, on hard surfaces, on soft surfaces, on the driveway AND in a sink full of soapy water. I fished it out in 1 second flat and there was no damage just a few moisture dots inside the built in screen protector. It adds a LOT of bulk and takes time to get used to that, but I will take the bulk over a broken $700 phone.
 I love everything about this case except that I cannot operate the Ringer Switch on my iPhone 8 with this case, without  pain and difficulty.  I tried to use it for a week but the hard plastic surrounding the Ringer Switch access "hole" (behind the attached stiff-rubber cover) blocks access to my typical "big-boned man finger" (with very short finger nails), and even ripped-up my forefinger cuticle trying to switch the ringer as I often do.  The WIDTH of the access hole in the case (see attached photo) should be a bit larger.  Most women might have no issue with this: My wife CAN easily reach the switch because she has thin fingers and longer nails, but I certainly can't rely on her help every time!
 The first thing we do for every phone is buy an Otterbox Defender. I made the mistake of waiting for it to come in the mail and shattered my $800 phone. Now I order it before I get the phone. It does make your phone a little bulkier, but it saves it from drops, splashes of water, scratches, etc. It doesn't hurt charging like some other brands. I have it in Pink/purple, and my husband has the grey blue one. He uses the cradle to snap onto is pants, but I couldn't even begin to tell you where mine is because I don't use it. 10/10 recommend this! I wouldn't buy any other kind of case.
 Based upon the other reviews, I expected this to be almost bullet proof. However, I have had to disassemble the case several times to remove dust and dirt that somehow got in. Not sure where it's coming in through but it's definitely there. I've gone back over the assembly instructions to be certain that I'm doing it right. Also, with the case on my iPhone 7, I can barely hear the phone ring at all. Any of the alarms or alerts I have, I now mostly miss due to this. I am seriously thinking about getting a different case. Am I the only one with these problems?
 OtterBox  defender series is the only case I will buy for my iPhone .  I Purchased them since  getting my first iPhone the 5S.  I decided to keep my iPhone 7 and not trade up.  After 1.6 years my OtterBox was shot.  This $24 upgrade replaced the exact same case, and made my phone feel like brand new.  My phones screen became brighter, and more responsive instantly.  I have no regrets and I would buy again.  I dropped my phone many times with my older case and sustained no damage.
 Solid, quality defense to protect an expensive investment. Better pricing than cell carriers, cute design. Prefer to spend a few bucks to save an expensive phone than save a few dollars on a cheap case and break a nearly thousand dollar phone. EDIT: I was attacked by a crazed person, and in short I began to record the incident. He stole my phone and threw it about 60 feet across pavement. This case saved my investment! I bought a new one just so it looked nice again after that, and the case received a little damage. But the phone was perfectly fine!
 I was rocking an iPhone 4 in an old defender...the newer defenders are much nicer. The appearance of being thinner with beveled edges and less grippy than the older ones. I cannot fathom how anyone would own such an expensive phone and put a "case" on it that only protects from scratches on flat surfaces. Love it. Buy it. Oh, but the "frustration free packaging" is a joke...a way to screw the customer and make them think they got dinner. Dont really need child proof phone cases. Amazon is a bit of a joke.
 Love this case. Its the 3 layer and fits the Iphone 8 Perfect. The color is vivid. it is light pink in front. water proof scratch resisitant, Great price for the otterbox. Shipped fast. Packing was great, sometime the packing is smooch, but not this time. easy to put togehter. Very user friendly . I am not a techie person and it was easy  foe me to put it together . it feels good in your hands and has great grip.
 It's horrible to type on.  The plastic cover makes typing difficult.  The keys on the edges of the screen are nearly impossible to hit.  My husband has been saying that he hates his new phone because he can't type messages and when I tried it I realized it was the case not the phone.  Really disappointed.  We needed the durability of an Otterbox case, but if you can't stand to text on it because the cover impacts the keyboard what is the point.
 So far, this case has held up be well and has served it’s purpose. I have a tendency to drop things, so need a case that protects from drops and scratches; it has kept my iPhone safe from both. If you are looking for a case that will protect from the average fall, this one does the job. Everyone likes the design as well. I only wish they made these with a little more bling, but I had to opt for protection and a trusted brand.
 Love this case, it's super durable and the color looks really nice on the phone.<br/><br/>I tend to drop my iPhone very often, don't ask me why. This case is really protective so I don't have to close my eyes and pray when picking up the phone after I've dropped it.<br/><br/>The raised sides of the case protect it from the shock when it drops to the ground.<br/>I definitely recommend buying this case, it's worth the money especially with the one year guarantee.
 My husband works in harsh conditions and it is very necessary to carry his phone by his side all day. The clip stays on and there is no need to worry about his phone falling off. The case has protected the phone everytime it has been dropped. The built in screen protector works ok, but sometimes it is hard to tap something on your screen. The screen protector keeps the dust out great though. Otter Box cases have yet to disappoint me.
 Aside from the fact that these are about impossible to get apart initially without using some sort of little tool they're great.  I've accidentally dropped by phone trying to juggle too many things getting out of the car and it's landed face-down and the phones not damaged.  Because of the extra layer over your touchscreen it can be a bit harder to get the screen to respond but the trade off is worth it to not have your $600 phone damaged if it falls.
 My single complaint, and it is minor, is that the Power Button is a hole that you have to stick your finger into to use, rather than an elevated protected button like those on the volume controls.  Otherwise, I have had other cases - they suck.  I am sold on Otterbox for the reliability and price.  My LG was protected with a Defender for 2 years and it looks brand new.  I work construction if that helps.
 I have previously owned an Otterbox and loved it. It was dependable and always held tight to my pants pocket. This one was considerable less money, but was always falling off my pants pocket and ultimately ended up costing me my phone for it fell off into the ocean never to see it again, so I could not even return it for a refund. Since then I have purchased another Otterbox for full price from another dealer and am very happy with it.
 I bought this iPhone OtterBox Defender case about 6 months ago and so far it has held up to be everything it was advertised as being. I’ve dropped my phone numerous times while in this case and it has been well protected...not a mark on it! When you first put it on, you may wonder about the actual screen protector as it seems like it might be a little flimsy. It isn’t. It has done a good job of protecting my screen. No cracks from the numerous drops and not even any small scratches. Over time the colored part of the case starts to look a little dingy but as much as today’s society uses their phones, that would be the case with any phone case. Overall I am well satisfied and at a much cheaper price than had I bought it at the cell phone store!
 Quick backstory - I bought an iPhone 6s brand new two years ago.  Coming from a 5s, I naturally ordered an Otterbox case before I even received the 6s.<br/><br/>As some of you may recall, the 6s is just a smidge bigger than the 6, yet Otterbox loudly advertised that the 6 case would fit the 6s as well.  It did - but because the 6s is bigger, it was VERY tight.  Fine - dealt with it for two years. And the clear screen protector did lay flat, so I didn’t squawk.<br/><br/>Just bought an iPhone 8, and same thing - the 8 is slightly larger than the 7, but Otterbox (and some online reviewers) say the 7 Defender case will easily fit the 8.  Just like the 6s vs. the 6, the 8 is larger than the 7 and the case is very tight.<br/><br/>Further, the not-so-perfect fit makes the screen protector bow up slightly from the actual phone screen, meaning you cannot have a light touch - you have to *deliberately* press where you want to press, and sometimes an adjacent key ‘reads’ your touch.<br/><br/>I almost stripped off the screen protector and replaced it with one of those aftermarket glass protectors, but the cost and mixed reviews keep me all-Otterbox.<br/><br/>Can’t you guys anticipate the upcoming  larger sizes and just insert or mill a spacer to accommodate future larger phones?  A little planning to ramp up production for the 8, etc., and downscale production for older phones is easy. But stop implying that the 6 and 6s and the 7 and 8 will fit the same case.  Not true.<br/><br/>Tough love, Otterbox.  4.9 stars for quality, 2.9 stars for refusing to adapt cases to the TRUE sizes of each phone series.<br/><br/>Edit - I had forgotten to mention above that the 7/8 Defender case is so tight on my 8 that one of the plastic corner snaps won’t even engage (snap shut) no matter how hard I press them together ~ I have to rely on the outer rubber section to hold everything safely together all around.
 Really good quality and sturdy protective case, protects against moisture, grime, drops, anything you (or your child, more accurately) can throw at it.<br/><br/>With a couple of iPhone upgrades and older iPhones now sitting around, we just make the kids use this, forget the insurance (which will cost you $100+ per year and you still have a deductible of $100 probably), and if they still manage to mess up their new phones, we tell them they going to get downgraded to the old retired iPhone 6 with flaky battery life.  First world problems, indeed...
 Definitely a strong, durable case. I have the utmost confidence in my phone being protected so, for that, 5 stars. Here comes the BUT - the built in screen protector drastically diminishes the interface of the screen. Often I will scroll and the phone registers a tap or vice versa. Zooming in and out is nearly impossible and the phone will stop scrolling randomly or taps won’t register at all. It’s fine for my use but if you like to play games that involve swiping or anything along those lines I definitely don’t recommend this case.
 I love these cases.  I drop, kick, and smack my phones all the time!  However, these cases have always protected my phones from everything!  I popped the plastic screen protector out of both the cases I owned (my previous one lasted the 2.5 years before I changed phones) and used a glass screen protector.  Always awesome.  I love Otterbox!
 Comparing to my Lifeproof Fre I used for years, the Otterbox Defender has some disadvantages. 1. The Otterbox is very bulky. And heavier. 2. The vibrate/ring trigger is hard to get to with rubber door covering trigger. (Lifeproof has a rubber tab to adjust.) I can’t silence my phone while it’s in my pocket or holstered. 3. The front and rear cameras are exposed. Potential for dirt and water to get in. 4. The rubber material makes it hard to slide in your pocket.
 This is such a an awesome case for this phone. You feel like the phone is really safe. It feels good in my hand. Not slippery.<br/>Every now and then i take it apart to clean both sides. &gt;&gt;!!Drops of water can get in &lt;&lt;!! if liquid gets directly on the phone<br/>so in that case i take it apart ( easy ) and dry/ clean it. One time the phone flew off the roof of the car and it was fine.<br/>AWESOME case. totally recommend.
 I've trusted Otterbox for my iPhone ever since my first one.  The only downside is finding charging docks or adapters that work without having to remove the phone from the protective case.  Still, the peace of mind in knowing my expensive phone is protected from various threats is worth the extra hassle.  It's nice that this version lets me use Touch ID without compromising protection in the process.
 This case has the durability you need for someone who is prone to dropping items (such as from poor hand strength).<br/><br/>But, since the iPhone 8 is already waterproof, I wish OtterBox had omitted the built-in screen protector. It's not necessary to seal out water, and it does little to protect the screen (the thick case does that). Instead of the slick glass touch experience, you get sticky plastic that traps dirt and moisture underneath.
 Arrived quickly in perfect condition. It was so easy to put on my phone (but all I buy now are otter boxes so I have done this process before). I have dropped my phone many times and my otter box kept it safe! I got this one so it will look nice will it keeps the phone safe. The only part I don’t like about these is occasionally I get water in the cover.
 Had to buy this case since all of otterboxes decent cases have stopped production and lifeproof didn't have one out for the iPhone 7 yet.  It sucks.  Not much protection and the rubber stretches out overtime.  Just spend the money and get lifeproof or spend half the amount of money and get a cheap case.
 I love the outside cover for this case, but ended up removing the clear screen protector; because, it prevented the phone from sensing how much pressure I was using (the plastic domed away from the screen). In hind sight I might have been able to salvage it with a hair dryer and some pressure to make it dome in instead of out. Oh well, I’ll save that for next time.
 It fit my phone well, wasn't especially frustrating to put on (but as a new customer I think I'd have had more trouble--it IS tricky to get the case to open), but I have to agree with other posters that there's a gap between the screen and the plastic otterbox screen which means you have to push especially hard to get the touchscreen to acknowledge.  I'd purchase again, but it's annoying.
 Love the Otterbox Defender series! I have one for my iphone &amp; I didnt even read the reviews for this one before I purchased it for my husband.  These things are solid &amp; durable.  I've dropped my phone a dozen times &amp; not a scratch.  I've had my previous iphone fall down &amp; crack with the screen pop out &amp; it was with a case that looked just like the Otterbox but zero protection.  This case is really great if you want to protect your phone plus the color is kinda cool too!
 I just received this today, thus I can not speak on the duribility of the product.  Certainly appears well made and it is black, unlike the colors most often mentioned in the low ratings.  Was a little difficult to open the case to insert my new iPhone 7, as the instructions were not overly clear on that.  But with a little looking it becomes apparent.  It looks very sturdy and well made.  The flimsy plastic over the home key isn't as bad as everyone wants you to think. And yes, I did install a glass screen protector before installing the phone.  Works fine.  At this point I would highly recommend.
 We bought this case for my iPhone 7 and it works great!  I love that it has a cover over the screen. I had another Otterbox Defender Case for a Samsung phone and I loved it as well. I never had to replace mine. It works wonderfully to keep my phone like brand new. The only reason why I got a different one was because I got an iPhone 7. I was so glad that I could get the Defender for this phone as well!  They are great and I recommend the Otterbox Defender Series to everyone that can get one for their phone. My husband got a Samsung phone that the Defender Series was not available for unfortunately.
 I've had Otterbox on my phones since day one (at least 4 phones) and every one them has come out of the case looking like a new phone.  I've dropped them on concrete, had them fall in a puddle and survive a toddler.  Plus they last several years - at least mine have...I've gotten bored with them before they wear out  - lol.  I was a bit leery of the built in screen protector causing issues with using the screen, but has not been the case, at all.  Probably some small loss of touch quality but nothing that I have noticed and it's worth the slight loss for the protection it provides.  Swear by my Otterbox Defender!
 After ordering one for myself, my son wanted one for his phone!  He LOVES it just like I love mine.  The only issue he had is he does not like screen protectors of any kind as they seem to collect specks of dirt and hair etc...which drives him crazy!  After reading customer reviews I saw it was an easy fix to remove the plastic protector for him to use without.  It is just perfect for him now!  Did I mention he did a "drop" test?  I couldn't believe he would do that but the OtterBox is true to it's word.  Awesome product.
 i've had an iphone since the iphone 4s came out and i've always had an otterbox defender case on it.  it has saved me so many times from damage when i've dropped it, like the time i was getting out of a taxi and forgot my phone was in my lap and it landed face down on the ground as i stood up...i'm in a "purple is my favorite color" phase and these colors are beautiful, i absolutely love the color.
 The case is everything promised. Only comment is that is bit hard to take off the phone and it’s bulky. But if you bought an outer case before you should know this.  But definitely protects the phone, specially bought it because I accidentally broke the screen from my previous phone. I have been using it for several months; stop using it because it’s so bulky that keeps falling from the car mount and made it hard to use as GPS.
 I've had this case for 4 months. I just bought a different case and decided to retire this one. The one pro I have for this case is that I have dropped my phone a couple of times and it has protected it. This case was a little too bulky for me and I also had a problem with moisture seeping through to the phone from the top cutout for the speaker. When I wiped my case down with a Clorox wipe it seemed like moisture seeped through or even if a little water would get on my phone it seeped through. This is an annoyance because then you have to take the phone apart and clean and dry it. For this reason, I would not recommend to buy this case.
 This product has kept my phone safe! I am very clumsy and always dropping my phone. I have damaged many phones but since I have had this case I haven't had to worry about it as much because I know it will be protected if I do drop it. I also love that it comes in a cute girly design and isn't big and bulky. Most phone covers are boring and so big but this one isn't and works perfect!
 This is my 2nd OtterBox Defender case and I happily spend the extra money to protect my investment. I dropped my previous iphone several times (I'm not clumsy-it happens to most of us). Fortunately, my phone was still intact and working thanks to the quality of the OtterBox case. I had no question in my mind that I would buy the Defender again. There are a lot of different cases to purchase as evidenced by your Amazon search alone. This one,  I can say without equivocation-WORKS!
 The DEFENDER series has gone to the dogs. It’s lost virtually all of its water-resistance, and the screen protector gets damaged way too easily. They’re using cheaper components obviously. I don’t have an alternative recommendation. I changed to the COMMUTER series and bought some tempered glass and haven’t looked back. Luckily the phone I have now at least has some water-resistance.
 Got it for my son, he wanted to completely protect his hand-me-down iPhone, and cover the fact that it is rose gold (although he totally rocked the case I had on it that has beautiful flowers and a pink ring holder for a week and stared down anyone that asked him if he was using his mom’s phone-LOL).  Now that he has a more acceptable case protecting his phone and screen, he is much happier.
 My experience - This is one rugged sturdy case!. I found some of the buttons through the case were non responsive.  Example: On right side of phone, the sleep/wake button was difficult to function.<br/>For me, the added bulk to this sturdy case, is difficult to get in &amp; out of my Jeans.<br/><br/>From other peoples experience as shown in the reviews.. Hat off to you. If this fits you needs - Great Stuff.
 I started using Otterboxes when I got my first iPhone.  I use them for all my "i" devices and they stand up to a lot of abuse from my kids (and me, too).  They aren't cheap but neither is replacing a device.  Aesthetically, I'd rather have my phone without a case or with a prettier one, but practically speaking, this is a better way to go.  The case does add some bulk and weight, and the belt clip simply doesn't work for me.
 I LOVE otter box cases, period. It’s a tried and true name brand that works for me. I ended up returning this because I was actually looking for the commuter series. The commuter series doesn’t have the plastic-like  screen protector that the defender comes with, which is why I prefer it, but if you’re looking for an all-in-one case, the defender series will surely do it for you!
 This case rocks. I've dropped my phone so many times. No issues. I have two complaints. The first is that sometimes stuff gets caught up under the screen protector. It's slightly annoying. The other is that putting the phone on charge is a bit of a pain while the case is on. I don't take my case off, so I learned to live with that.
 Grippy case which I like a lot..so it won’t slip out my hands...but this case isn’t waterproof or dust proof...I wipes the outer area with Clorox wipe that was a bit dry and moisture still got under the screen protector..so I had to open it all up to clean it..wish I would have gotten the lifeproof
 Not quite sure about it.  I own two of these for two different iPhones (7 and 8).  Seems to protect well but I wonder if there’s heat built up inside the case as I’ve had both my phones die while inside these.  One phone was only two months old and the other was 6 months old.  Both died while charging in these.  Yes, I was using the official Apple cords. My other two iPhones (7 and 8) aren’t in these cases and never had a problem.
 Perfect.  Put a Defender on my iPhone 5S 4+ years ago &amp; it is still going strong.  I bought this one for my new 8 based on that experience.  This new model is probably better as the inner shell has more latches to hold the two halves together than my old one.  (I was tempted by some of the other brands which seem similar and are half the price.  But can't argue with success and for what a new phone costs....)
 I love this case. It is a little large, but I broke a previous phone so I wanted the extra protection. I have dropped my phone multiple times with no issues. The screen protector gets scratched really easily. It's unfortunate that I need to by a whole new case to fix that.
 I've been using OtterBox cases since my very first iPhone and I have never broken a phone.  I'm a little disappointed that the "design your own color scheme" they used to have has greatly decreased in options, and I admit the case is bulky... but that's a price I'm willing to pay to keep my phone protected.
 This case is bulky but seems to provide good protection from drops, however you have to press buttons very firmly, and the front and rear facing camera cutouts do Not have any kind of protection (film) covering them so dirt gets in between screen protector and screen, so the case has to be removed constantly to clean.
 Bought this for my daughter's new phone. Wanted to help her keep it in good condition for trade in value in the near future. This will do the job. Took a hard fall on day 1, at least it sounded bad... No damage to the phone or the case.<br/>Went with a Bluetooth headset so be she doesn't have to keep opening the case to get to the ports.
 As a diehard Otterbox fan, I've always loved the protection it provides for my phone (never had a phone damaged since I started using them), but dislike how plain it looks. This case is the perfect combination of function and beauty. I was worried about the design affecting the integrity of the case, but honestly I actually prefer the design plate. It's harder than the silicone outer case, while still being anti-slip, and less likely to capture dirt like my other otters.<br/>I was able to get this case as a amazon warehouse deal, which was economical and just as good as brand new.
 I have had OtterBox Defender cases over the years and they never fail to protect my phones from drops.  I purchased this one about 6 months ago and have used it every day since. This morning one of my cats decided to barf all over it while I was in another room. I wiped it off and took the phone out of the case and everything was fine.  I’m posting this from that very phone. (The case has been throughly cleaned and is drying.)
 Great case of course but the built in clear screen protector makes it harder for the screen to feel my actual touch. I have to press a little harder and when I try to scroll up from the bottom of my phone, it doesn't work with tha case on. And for some reason my screen does not rotate with this case on either, if I was to turn my phone sideways. I love the overall protection the otter box provides and the clip is very handy but I won't be keeping this case on as much as I planned.
 After breaking my last iPhone I decided to upgrade the case for my new phone.  This Otterbox seems to be just the ticket.  I was a bit afraid it would be too bulky for my pocket but it has caused no problems at all and it still carries nicely.  Everything works well, the touchscreen is still quite responsive, and the fingerprint scanner still works.  All in all a great investment for the protection of my over-priced Apple product.
 As always, Otterbox has delivered a tough case that can protect my phone from my clumsiness. I am a major phone dropper, and need a case that can protect my phone from impacts. I have lost count of how many times I have dropped my phone on the linoleum over cement floors at my work, and my phone is still in perfect condition. I like the screen cover is attached to the case so that I didn't have to try to line it up myself.
 Such a durable case! That's why we all buy an Otterbox, right? I can trust that no matter what I'm doing or what trauma I put my phone through, that this case will protect it. Other people cringe when I drop my phone, but I can just shrug it off because I know that Otterbox has it covered!
 My only issue with this item is the belt clip, it covers the phone camera but more importantly is prone to coming loose and dropping.  I still highly recommend the purchase!
 ALL my electronic devices have OtterBox and I have never been disappointed. Working in construction iPad, cell phones - they all hit the bare concrete floors at some point in time. I have never lost a device to damage, not even a screen crack - KNOCK ON WOOD !!!!!<br/><br/>I have several older phone as back up now. And they are pristine when I take the old OtterBox covers off.
 This is my 3rd Otterbox.  My iPhone 6 was in one for 3 years. When I upgraded to an 8, I gave my 6 to my daughter. I took it out of the case and it looks brand new!  I dropped it numerous times and no marks.  I have one on my iPad and noww on my 8. My daughter put my old phone in a pink OtterBox.  She didn’t like my black one. A local electronic repair shop gave me $10 for my old one.
 What can I say? Otterbox has always been my go to for phone cases. Strong and sturdy design that holds up to a true beating. I cannot explain how often I drop my phone or it falls out of my pockets on to the floor or concrete in parking lots.  Every phone I purchase is, and will always be, protected by otterbox. I snagged this case up at an excellent lightning deal.
 While Otterbox Defender is great for protecting your phone, the product is lacking. These cases are not cheap. They always start to pull away from the hard shell and end up peeling within months of purchasing them. I’ll be looking for something else, since this isn’t the first case I’ve had that does this. Just a note: this case is only 8 months old.
 Just purchased a iPhone 7 and wanted the extra protection and I know what would do the trick. As stated in a previous review I have drop my phone many times and if it wasn’t for OtterBox DENFENDER the screen would’ve been broken. I’m positive! I have friends that say it’s to bulky but they have replaced their screens two or three times in same amount of time that I’ve had mine with the OtterBox DEFENDER! Highly recommend!
 Brand new case. Phone fell from a low place on to a linoleum floor. Screen cracked under the case. I had another otter and my phone fell a lot and nothing happened. I sure hope this was the real thing and not a fake. If so, it’s NOT doing it’s job at all!
 This was the 3rd iPhone Otterbox Defender case I’ve bought. I got a new one for each new iPhone over the years.  I have dropped the phones hundreds of times and never incurred any damages.  The phones look brand new inside the Defender cases.  Only drawback is the touch screen and button functions require more pressure than the phone would without the case, but I’m used to it and not a major issue.  Prices at Amazon are much much less expensive than phone stores or WalMart or Best Buy. Very satisfied.
 It feels good in my hand meaning it has gripping power. When I'm riding my motorcycle or bike I feel that it not so easily going to slip away. Also, the newer version seems solid and I'm not having any problems with the touch screen, except occasionally  when I swipe up from the bottom. However, it's no problem. Recommend!
 Horrible - very disappointed!  I have bought Otterboxes since the beginning for every iPhone I’ve owned.  This is the only one that feels cheap on the plastic screen protector built in.  The sensitivity is like its generic - not like other Otterboxes and even the home button doesn’t work with this.  I had to take it off because my iPhone 8 will not work correctly in this case!  I want my money back - $40 for a piece of JUNK.
 This was almost perfect. However after a few days we really just couldn't adjust to the plastic screen cover.  It really makes the iPhone less responsive.  I had to enlist the help of our 14yo to get the case off in order to finish typing in a password.  With the front on, it just wouldn't type some letters.<br/>We prefer the OtterBox Symmetry adding a tempered glass screen protector.  So we sent the Defender back.
 Otterbox is the only case I will use. I’ve had so many of these cases! The only small issue I’ve found over the years is the rubber outer piece will stretch like on the charging port. Also not crazy about the thin plastic that covers the home button, it gets dirt in the crack and starts to peel. Obviously these are small annoyances that I can live with to keep my phone in tact. Otterbox has wonderful customer service too.
 Amazing case, second otterbox I’ve owned, will never buy another brand. this one has already saved my phone several times when dropped from standing height, with not even a scratch on the case to show for it. It’s not too bulky of a case either, you can still fit the phone in your pocket. I will say the screen protector takes a little getting used to when typing but now I don’t notice it at all.
 Both my son and I tried this model of phone case and we each had the same problem.  It diminished the call quality both broadcasting and receiving.  I have no doubt it would thoroughly protect your phone by the way it is made and if you do not require clear sounding phone calls I suppose you might be happy with it.  But call quality is far too important to sacrifice in order to protect my phone.
 Case offers great protection. Has saved my phone several times from dropping it.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>Comes with a screen protector built in.<br/>Allows easy access to all the buttons as well as fingerprint reader.<br/>Adds the right amount of weight to feel protected but not too heavy as to not fit in your pocket or weight you down.<br/><br/>Cons.<br/>Screen protector seems to be just too far from the screen that every once in a while you feel a slight delay in response.
 I've only used Otterbox Defender cases for my smartphones.  I'm very hard on my phones - I drop them frequently and work with them in hot, cold, and dirty field conditions.  I've never broken or damaged a phone with the Otterbox case on it.  The color and pattern selections give these bulky cases some pizzazz.  My only gripe is that the screens get scratched and dirty easily and don't clean up well.
 It's an OtterBox - you can't go wrong!  No thrill as far as color or design, but it does provide utilitarian protection for an expensive phone.  I subtracted one star because of the issue with the film over the home button.  As other reviewers noted, it prevented the phone recognizing my thumbprint, probably within a week.  I ended up just cutting that part out with some manicure scissors and it's fine.
 I love this case, but it stains quickly around the edges. (My only negative comment)<br/>I love that it covers the home button- yes you can still use your Touch ID, it just has an extra protection against dirt.<br/>**update**. I strongly advise not being this color. Get a darker color. After seeing other people with this colored case, they’re all stained and look like you had the nastiest hands touching it and staining it.<br/>This is not a bad review on the case, just this color.
 I have had these Otter box cases for every iPhone I have owned. They fit very well and provide the most protection I have seen for a very expensive phone. It does not feel large and bulky when holding the phone. The holster is very convenient and holds the phone securely. The case also works great with the Mophie wireless charging base for iPhone 8. I would highly recommend this case to anyone that needs the extra protection.
 First I couldn’t get my phone in, once it was in, the screen wouldn’t really respond to my touch which obviously is a huge problem with an iPhone. I always planned on returning it but when I finally had the time it was too late. Never used it except the one time where I almost broke my phone trying to get it out of the thing.<br/>Do not recommend.
 I have a love hate relationship with my otter box defender cases... I love them for about 4-5 month then they start losing their form around the edges till they just come off everything you slide the phone in and out of your pocket. You would think after years of making these cases they would have it figured out...
 Overall, I really like this phone case and I'm certainly glad I got one that is this protective. I really feel that this case does a great job of protecting your phone if it just so happens to fall. The only con is the purple has started to fade on the back of this case. I kind of think it is partly due to the makeup on my face. It always gets on the phone when I'm talking on it.
 Love otter box cases but- unfortunately, this doesn't work with my magnetic holder.. it is too thick.  The commuter series does work but that one broke so I bought this one. Wish the case would allow for the magnetic car holders.
 I'm disappointed in this otter box because I can't swipe up in the phone a lot of times , people complain they can't hear me ,. Maybe it's he protector part usually I have no  trouble. Kinda disappointed because I love otter boxes and love the color . I do think I am rough on these bc of the wear on tre outside part . I'll try the other protector ...:
 I initially got the OtterBox 77-53935 Symmetry Series thinking it was cute and substantial enough in protection, but it was just cute.  So I returned it, no problem, and got this one.  It is straightforward black, but has a couple layers and thicker, more rubbery outer black layer. Protection for my phone mattered more than cuteness.  My phone already had a glass protection screen, so it was pretty easy to peel out the thin plastic from this Otterbox since I didn't need it.
 This case is definitely durable.  But it's HUGE and had a screen that covers the screen.  Means you really have to push hard to "push" the buttons.  I've had this for less than a week and already my home button cover is scratched up and tearing.  Not going to use this much longer.
 I destroyed my iPhone 5 as I dropped it three times - can't imagine what got into me.....so when I got a new iphone 7 which was a killer in cost....I decided I must have the OtterBox to protect it.  I have not dropped my phone yet, but I am glad and feel secure with the OtterBox on it - it is not big and bulky like I thought it might be so I Love it!  And the variety of colors was perfect - I'm a purple girl!
 As always, OtterBox Defender's are the best for protecting your iPhone!!  I actually left my phone laying on my truck and slammed the trunk down on it, and it kept from busting my phone!!!  Always a fan of these cases, and this was an excellent price.
 The case itself looks solid enough to protect the phone, however the plastic screen protector is too thick and you really have to pound the screen to make it work, making it really hard to type/navigate specially at the corners where it becomes practically unresponsive. Guess I will have to take it off as some other reviewers recommend, kind of disappointed
 This is my second Otterbox purchase and I will definitely stick with this brand. My husband and I just got new phones and am still in shock at the price. Purchasing just one case at the phone store was more than what I paid for this pair.<br/><br/>I couldn't be more pleased with the seller and the quality of the product.
 It gets the job done and at a very good price, at least on Amazon.<br/><br/>The instructions are very easy to follow and the maintenance is extremely low.  I probably take the entire case off the phone every other week to better clean the screen as dust does eventually work its way underneath over time.  It has held up well with my 2-year-old daughter using it from time-to-time, and the phone has survived the handful of drops.
 I always buy OtterBox products because of the superior protection on the screen however, I've noticed after about three weeks that this product collects dirt easily. It has a thin gray layer on it and I'm pretty careful. The one I had on my old phone is still looking great after 3 years of use. Unfortunately, I had to upgrade my phone and can't use my old OtterBox.
 First off, I've always used Otter boxes and probably always will. I love everything about this case EXCEPT for one giant dealbreaker--this thing gets INSTANTLY dirty. I purchased the teal color and it would be my favorite thing in the world if it stayed clean. It's really only advisable to purchase a dark color in this particular case. Functionality wise it's perfect.
 I had another otter box for years after snagging it for $1 in Japan. I purchased this otter box for my new phone. Still great quality and I love that it is less bulky than my last but seems to have the same strength. Main concern is the plastic circle over the home button. It is already stretching and I can tell it will not last long. Also would be great to see these made out of recycled or sustainable products.
 The screen protector made the touch sensitivity horrible! I cut it off with a pocket knife and now the case is perfect! I purchased a separate screen protector to protect the face. I think it’s the perfect way to have a super protective case that still wraps around the front without sacrificing usability.
 I like how it definitely seems to protect the phone. I like how the sides are rubber. It makes it easier to grip. My one gripe with the case as others have stated is with the front cover. It definitely hinders the tocuh screen. Like others I ended up taking an Exacto knife and cutting along the edge and getting ride of the front part of the cover.
 We own several apple devises, and we have otter boxes on them all.  Love the defender series for the phones, but was not happy with the commuter? series. (Got a cracked phone, while the commuter was on the devise). This phone case is great, and I won’t buy anything else!  This is probably our 6th defender case.
 I got this case on 25 of February, a little more then a month ago. Usually OtterBox is not that sloppy, but they dropped a ball on that one. Just look what happened to this case. OtterBox is going the cheap way and I don’t like it at all. My “Return Window” closed yesterday... I tried going with warranty, but they want to charge $5.99 for shipping and handling.
 good! freakin impossible to get the screen protector on well though. it's hard to take apart so there is a hair on my screen. i'll live!<br/><br/>edit 2 mo later:<br/><br/>dirt and crap gets into the case and behind the screen protector, making it essential to clean every month. huge pain in the butt!!!!<br/><br/>and since I have to take the slipcover off so often, it's gotten loose and damaged. not unusable, but annoying as all heck.
 The Touch ID cover started popping after a while ( had the same issue with 4 otter box cases), therefore, Touch ID did not work properly, so I had to enter my password to unlock my phone.<br/>The rubber case started to stretch out around the apple logo, eventually it got ripped.
 Best case out there. Have had these for all my phones. Over the years they do wear. They become softer. The back peels a little. But, even with the heavy wear, they still protect. I have dopped, kicked, stepped on, thrown and tossed my phone and never had a problem.
 This definitely protects the phone but it is heavy and somewhat bulky but that's to be expected. The only thing I would change is for the screen cover to be flush with the phone... there is a little gap so I have to type harder and sometimes hit buttons more than once to get connection. This may be normal for an OtterBox but I am not used to it.
 I've always been a firm OtterBox user. They're build like tanks and they protect my phones from every drop I've had. What I like about this one is the small film that covers the main button on the bottom of the screen. It can still read your fingerprint while preventing debris from going under the screen protector.
 great case for accident prone teen. Bulky and a bit of a pain putting on and off. i recommend not using a screen protector with it as the touch screen is not as responsive behind the otter glass screen cover. holds dirt and hand grime easy and looks dirty after short use. a magic eraser will do the job
 I love Otterboxes!  Love the color as well!  True to what you show on website.
 In the past I’ve sworn by Otterbox.  Yes it’s bulky, but it’s saved my phone a million times over.  This one I’ve had problems with the home button from the start.  The plastic film stretched out and was all bubbly.  I’ve tried to peel it up and stretch it taught, but it still can’t read my fingerprint, which is getting old quick.
 This is a nice phone case, considering I drop mine a lot. It gives space for the camera which is great so you aren’t just setting your camera straight on a table when you put it down, which was my main concern. The only thing that’s a problem is the part that you open and close for the charger/headphones. On the lifeproof cases it snaps open, but this is just connected, and when I plug in my charger/ headphones it feels like it presses against them pretty hard. This would be fine except we all know apple chargers break easily sometimes, but chances are it won’t be a problem.
 I ordered my cases used, however it was in great condition. No scratches on the screen etc, can’t complain after only spending 19$. It fits the iPhone 7/8. They delivery was a little confusing because I was notified that it was delivered before it actually made it to my mailbox but overall it’s a great case. The screen protector seems better than the older models, you don’t have to punch the screen with your fingers anymore just to text. I’m very pleased!
 Bought this case for my husbands new IPhone 7.  He had the same brand for his IPhone 6 and never had a broken phone or screen after dropping numerous times.  I have no issues with this but my husband swears it's not the same.  I think he is just used to old one being broken in and softer.  This is harder but it's new!  Works great, no issues so far!  Definitely would recommend.
 Bought this for my daughter for Christmas...  Not only is the case dirty &amp; can't be cleaned, its peeling underneath the apple logo.  Found out that the same thing happened to my nephews case.  Not too happy with the quality of this case.  Do I call otterbox or can you help with an exchange?
 Purchased this for a friend because I have had a OtterBox defender series case on all my iPhones  and iPads since they first came out. I never had an issue with the phone itself getting damaged, but because I'm so rough on them I have had issues in the past with a holder or the exterior rubber being damaged for one reason or another. A simple call to customer service resolve those issues hassle free. I feel their customer service is what has kept me so loyal!
 I love the color, love what its supposed to do but for the first time ever and I've always had an Otter box I got a crappy case. Might be defective, doesn't have a tight seal so everything gets in between the case and screen. I'm hoping that its defective and that I can get a replacement and can update this review.
 Love OtterBox Defenders. I have bought them many times before and I will buy them again. I am a bit of a phone dropper but thanks to my OtterBox my phone is protected and it looks good, too! I love that the Defender has the screen protector built right in. My kids all have OtterBox Defenders for their phones, too.
 The commuter series did not feel remotely safe enough for my clumsy self with my two clumsy little ones! This is my second iPhone Defender Series. I buy one case and it stays on my phone for years until it's time to purchase a new phone. I had my iPhone 4 for probably close to 3 years and when I was done with it, I took the case off and my phone looked BRAND NEW!!!!
 I had an Otterbox Defender case for my old iPhone 5s, and it protected that phone through multiple drops with no problems. I recently upgraded to an iPhone 8 and - naturally - bought an Otterbox Defender case for it.<br/><br/>However, the screen protector is bowed away from the screen, creating a gap between it and the screen. I called Otterbox customer service, and they wouldn't send me a new one without a $7 shipping fee.
 The case serves the purpose of protecting my Iphone 8, but the real-tree graphic is almost completely worn away after about 6 months. I had a non otter-box case on my previous Iphone that was real tree and never had problems with the graphic wearing off. Disappointing that the top of the line case has these problems.
 These cases are sturdy and protective - a hard plastic shell on back and sides, clear plastic over the screen, and an easy to hold soft plastic cover over sides and back. Waterproof. Touch screen works best with a tempered clear glass cover over the screen.
 Works great! Didn’t give it 5 stars only because it is a dust magnet and u r like me I can’t stand it. It is a pain to take it out and separate. Which is also a good thing, kind of a catch 22. I have a an iPhone 8 and have wireless charging in my truck. I wanted something help my phone from sliding on the charge bad when taking a corner. If this is ur problem than buy this case. I place the phone on the charge pad and it doesn’t move nor does the case keep the phone from not charging in the pad.
 I personally love Otter Box, I always use it. My son wanted a slimmer, cheaper case....I warned him! One day he dropped his phone and cracked his screen! We got it fixed and then he asked for an Otter Box case! He said "mom, you were right!" Can you believe it? Best words I ever heard. I have dropped my phone many times and no damage to my phone. I highly recommend this case for any and every phone!
 Bought it for my child, because it has great durability. It has only been a month since receiving it so there hasnt been any wear and tear as of yet. I always buy the otterbox brand case for all of our phones, because I just feel safer that way.
 Best purchase ever made! I have dropped, kicked and banged my phone so many times I swore it broke several times over. I have purchase this case for the past 6 years and let me tell you it works!! The price is fair. If you were to buy in store it would cost up to $50-$60 dollars! I will definitely recommend to anyone looking for top of the line protection for their cell phones!
 The plastic screen protector does NOT contact the phone. Causing me to have to press twice as hard to type. And an annoying clicking noise.<br/><br/>Not worth it<br/><br/>To top it off the phone doesn't fit perfect in the case
 It already comes with a "screen protector" that's somehow loose. I had installed a glass screen protector and the touch screen doesn't work if I tap softly I have to exert too much effort to type. And later on stopped working especially on the touch ID area. I am sending this back and replace with a commuter instead. This is too bulky anyway
 This is the gold standard for overall protection of any mobile device. I never understand why anyone would pay 1000 on a phone and pass on an otterbox case . There are also other brands just as good. but this is the gold standard! you want protection against damage, then you want to invest in a defender series case.
 I have an iphone 8.  It doesnt hit super snug, so while you're using it you feel the phone moving.  My hubby has one for his iphobe 8 too and he complains that the screen protector dulls his responses.
 This case is absolutely amazing, I am have dropped my phone in the past and broke the screen. This case has protected my phone more than once and I have highly recommended it to other people as well.
 Fantastic iphone case. Really solid and heavy. I like the most rugged, big durable cases. Difficult to remove which i am happy with it. Dropped my phone already four times with no damage. I use the kickstand too. Be warned it blocks the camera and the "silence" switch but it's a big outer case you can just use when you want to kickstand your phone.
 I am and have always been an Autre box fan. The package arrived quick fast and in a hurry. I was pleased with the delivery, and very pleased with the product. It is a solid case and provides adequate protection even from drops up to 4 feet high. I love knowing my phone is protected and his new under my  very secure OtterBox
 This is my second Otter Box purchase; last one was for iPhone 5s. This one for iPhone 8 fits snugly and they fixed the charge port cover to connect from the front so there is no loose span just below the home button.  The belt clip securely holds the phone in place but the clip tends to slide up off the belt when working outside.
 I’ve lost the fast response of the touch screen. The finger print function surprisingly works. The Otterbox is very durable and better the any other I have purchased in the past. The charging flap is also surprisingly  very durable. I just play with it for no reason all day long and it has no signs of wear.
 The box itself holds up like advertised but the camo backing started to peak off after a few months of normal cell phone use. It’s now to the point that a person cannot even tell its camo. Disappointed in the cheapness of that part of it but the phone has been protected so I can’t complain about that
 I have been using Otter Box Defenders for years.  This one is great paired with a glass screen protector.  We work in a harsh environment.  The only problems we have had is the belt clip occasionally breaks if something like a car seat belts gets in it while you are trying to clip your phone back in.  The extra space of the belt overextends and breaks the clip.
 This case is strong and durable, but DANG does it look filthy fast. I wish I had gotten a darker color, but also, I'm afraid to know how disgusting my previous black otterbox case was. Do not get a lighter color. You will regret it within a week or two. Seriously embarrassed by how gross this thing looks.
 So far, so good. The case is protective, which is the main point. An added bonus is that the case is slimmer than previous otterboxes that I have owned. It has a nice slim profile and good fit for the phone in my opinion.
 Purchased two one for each iPhone on plan, one had a tight fitting rubber seal and failed to protect the phone from damage when dropped one foot to ground, other case on phone the rubber gasket/seal around plastic inner piece in the course of a few months became so loose it would no longer stay around the hard plastic case, will not buy another otterbox product
 Downgrading to two stars. The screen is getting close to unreadable with all of the scratches and scuffs. The funny thing is that I haven't been rough on my phone at all so Im a bit baffled how this can be so bad.
 I got this for my grandsons first cell phone... He likes anything camo, so I figured with the protection of this case and the camo, I can't go wrong. The kick stand makes it handy for watching videos and so it was a definite hit, he loves it.
 Otterboxes are more expensive, but after trying similar generic cases, the premium is well worth the price difference.  This case typically lasts me 3 years, while the generics (CHINA knock offs) only last 4-5 months.
 This fits almost perfectly onto my iPhone 8. I see that some people have issues with the screen being too far from the screen protector, which they say makes the touchscreen unusable. For me, the screen protector works just fine. The screen protector only is a problem when I touch super lightly.<br/><br/>Good product from OtterBox, as usual
 I thought OtterBox was a trusted brand. Much sensitivity has been lost on the screen. Must push hard against screen protector. Thumbs and fingers will be sore after a while.<br/>Update: after only five months the bottom of the case cracked right by the home button, no Warranty truly done with otter
 I am very happy with the design of this case. It fits well, protects my phone, and is stylish. I like that the case completely protects the screen of the phone. After using for 4 months there are a couple of small scratches on the back of the case, but overall it is still in great condition and still looks nice.
 Not as bulky as previous Otterbox but provides excellent protection.  This was for My husband's phone and he has gotten a scratch on the front so is considering ordering the sturdier glass front
 My only concern is if you happen to touch with even slightly damp fingers it can affect the screen. This is my 3rd I returned one as<br/>It would never fit correctly. Otherwise I love the feel, security and other look of it
 Well, its been 5 months and I have to get a new case,  the rubber around the plastic case stretched out around the corners and dirt get into every crevice that then will scratch the phone inside.  Right now, its better off being out of the case and in my pocket.  Plan on buying something other than this.  Waste of money.
 This is my second Otterbox defender. The last one was for my iphone6. My only complaint with that one was that the volume buttons were very stiff and hard to push. They have solved that problem on this case that I just purchased for my iPhone7. The Buttons work beautifully. The rubber around the case also feels beefier on the iphone7 case. I Would recommend this case to anyone.
 I ordered this for my Mom’s new Iphone 7 as she did not like the generic case and tempered glass screen protector my stepfather put on it initially. She said she loves the color, the heft it adds to the phone and the fact that it has a built in screen protector.
 Fits iphone 8 perfectly. I love how secure it feels. However, I do not like the plastic screen cover. Makes for a sort of "bouncy" effect that complicates typing and texting correctly. I have to make several attempts sometimes to get the correct letter I was attempting to type.
 I had purchased many Otterbox for various phones.  Save me money from breaking the phone when I drop it.  It is worth the money that I paid for it, many times over.  Bulky.  Not really a thing or a gift for a lady.
 I only buy otter box for my iPhones (defender series) they are not made to last forever because they do take beatings ;”(at least mine do with toddlers) my iPhones are always a perfect shape. Best thing for your phones. Mines usually last about a year before I decide to get a different color.
 I have had this product for almost 3 months. I've taken my phone to the beach and dropped it a handful of times with no significant harm. The only down side is that the thumb reader can not read properly with the plastic film over it sometimes.
 It protects as you would expect with an Otterbox. However, the plastic on front does not make contact with the screen properly, resulting in finger gestures that are not interpreted by the device. In fact, one finger gesture in particular sums up this product perfectly...
 The outer side of the case was dirty looking within two or three days, and despite my attempt to clean it, I cannot remove the stains. The screen protector protects the screen, but I have to tap more than once sometimes. It’s veey frustrating.
 I have thrown my phone, stepped on it, dropped it, dropped it down stairs, slammed it, spun it and played games with it. Never a problem. I’m on my third one. The outer runner cover does stretch and soften but keeps its protective abilities. I will never get anything else
 Tossed my phone into the truck window at a gas station... didn't realize the far-side window was open... phone bounced on the seat, right up and out the other window onto the ground... BOOM!!!!<br/>Phone was totally fine. (Gas station was fine too)<br/>I'm pretty rough on my phone - silly all glass iPhone.  This case had protected it and many others.
 This was a replacement for my previous OtterBox.  The only thing wrong was it was so soiled because of the light color and years of abuse.  My new one is black with blaze orange trim so it is easy to see when I lay it on a dark surface.  I love it!
 My husband works on construction and is constantly messing his phone up! This case pretty much prevents anything from getting in or out. I feel like his phone is protected immensely and we wont have to worry about filing an insurance claim anytime soon. (fingers crossed)
 This is a very sturdy case and I love the clip that comes with it. The only issue I have is that before I purchased otter box I had put a glass screen protector on. It reduces sensitivity of  screen since there is one built in the case,  it still works just sometimes have to press a second time.
 This is my second OtterBox for my iPhone.  Not saying I'm clumsy but I have dropped my phones a few times and this has kept them from getting damaged.  It is a pain to clean if something gets under the clear screen but I would take this cover over any other to protect my investment.
 Feels like my phone is invincible!  I gave this item 4 stars because of its durability.  I will agree with other reviews in that it is hard to hit the main button, text, and because of the case my finger print will no longer work to unlock my phone.  I'll learn to deal with it as long as the phone lasts until my 18 month lease is up.
 I purchased this cell phone holder just 3 and a half months ago and it is already broken. I just contacted Amazon to see if I can get a replacement and if there is a warranty. I liked the holder up until this moment. If I hear back from Amazon i will update this review.
 I upgraded my phone from six to an eight and I decided to be posh and get a life proof case. That thing lasted me probably a month and then I went for an otter box these things are amazing, and pretty
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/OtterBox-DEFENDER-SERIES-Case-for-iPhone-8-iPhone-7-NOT-Plus-Retail-Packaging-BOREALIS-TEMPEST-BLUE-AQUA-MINT/dp/B01K6PAOOK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for iPhone 8 &amp; iPhone 7 (NOT Plus) - Retail Packaging - BOREALIS (TEMPEST BLUE/AQUA MINT)</a><br/><br/>Bought this as a gift for my mom. She absolutely loves this case. I have had many on my phones over the years myself.
 This is my second Defender and it has protected my phone for several drops on asphalt and tile.  I had to buy a replacement because the edges had gotten a bit stretched out , probably due  to having to remove it periodically to clean out the case.  Amazing protection
 I have been using the otter box defender for years and I have never damaged my phone except I drowned it once. It isn’t water proof. I’ve dropped it 10 feet, kicked it across the floor and I’ve abused my phone about every way you can with no damage.
 I was nervous about ordering this on amazon vs otterbox site because of the price difference, but it’s exactly what it should be. Fits the iPhone 8 perfectly. The screen protector doesn’t pop out as easily as older models, but that’s not a huge deal. If I have to order again I wouldn’t hesitate.
 I've always used OtterBox to protect my iPhones.  I actually got the OtterBox for my iPhone 7, not the 8.  I don't know if the 8 is the same size.  But, OtterBox is the best.  I've dropped my iPhone on concrete steps and slammed it in the street (not on purpose) many times.  And, no damage!  Well worth the heavy price tag.
 Not as impressed with these as I thought I would be.  I purchased 3 of these for my families phones and only one of them actually fit perfectly.  I made the other two fit, but it took some work.
 As a mom with littles, having a sturdy phone case is a must.....and you cannot beat and OtterBox!! It has been dropped, thrown, stomped, skipped...you name the adverb and my phone still doesn't have a single scratch or crack!! I love these cases and they are WELL WORTH the price!<br/><br/>HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
 This is my fourth OtterBox but unfortunately, it is the worst one.  I rated it three stars because it still does its job to protect my phone.  The reason it lost two stars is because of the screen cover.  It is so insensitive that I could hardly type a sentence without correction.  And it makes sounds when I am typing.  So annoying!
 Impossible to type.  There is a big gap of air between the screen and the protector. The plastic on the screen cover is too thick and the gap makes it impossible to use the touch screen smoothly
 I disliked the plastic over my home screen button. I had to take the case off and cut that part of the plastic out. It would not make contact with the phone and I was afraid of destroying the phone
 I only gave 4 Star because the rubber outer case is a bit loose so every now and then it will start coming off if it slides in my pocket in a weird way.  And I tend to fidgit with the rubber case because it is loose.  Which probably doesn’t help.
 The product is not performing as advertised/described. The clear screen on the case is bowed outwards and not flat on the iPhone screen making it difficult, even impossible at times to input/commands to be recognized, and keys have to be hit numerous times.  I have two other Otter boxes ordered previously (from a different seller) without any issues. I am asking for a replacement item to be sent.
 I wasn't sure about this case until I got it on my phone! It's great! Fits nicely, very sleek and I like that it doesn't have the open circle on the back, as my previous case ended up coming apart in that area. My brand new phone went straight into this case and it won't come out except to get cleaned. Very pleased with this!
 Product was defective, the dots on the back are not actually part of the case but an application glued on and it was peeling off.
 We have trusted our phones to Otterbox Defender for years now, both Galaxy and Apple products. Haven't let us down yet. If you don't like the solid colors, look for some really neat "skins" on Amazon to decorate 'em up. A classic American Flag skin dressed this solid black one up nicely.
 Pretty color but it’s been less than 4 months and the case is deteriorating. I have an otterbox case on another phone and it is several years old. That one is still holding up and looks way better. I paid a few dollars more for the older one but it’s clearly worth the extra money.
 I don't trust 5 star reviews so when I love a product I give it 4 stars. I cannot count how many times I have dropped my phone, and yet it is in perfect condition. These cases are great for klutzes like me. The rubber does stretch out over time if you take the cover off a lot, but my last case lasted over 2 years so I'd say it's pretty durable.
 Does the job but this case gets dirt and liquid absorbs under the screen faster then the previous otterbox I had for the iPhone 5. I often have to remove all pieces to clean under the screen because the liquid sticks and blocks Keyes in that spot. Otherwise it’s really sturdy and protects my phone like nothing else! Would buy again despite having to clean more often then usual.
 What can I say about the otter box iPhone 7 case. It's heavy, it's bulky, but it is made very tough and I have dropped my iPhone twice and nothing has happen to my phone. So it has done it's job already twice and I am so glad that I purchased the otter box defender. I recommend this product especially if you want to save your phone from any falls.
 Love the Otterbox Defender Series. It truly protects your phone. I have two young children that occasion have my phone and I never worry about it in this case. This is also a much better price than you can find in stores. Very happy with this purchase.
 Bought this for my son 6 months ago for his phone and it is now slowly peeling apart. I'm disappointed
 Going on 5 months of use. I ride horses so my phone cases usually get pretty gross, but this has kept none of the stains (in the blue color). I drop my phone everywhere all the time, so this is a lifesaver. I've had some nasty drops too and the phone is still in perfect condition. It is bulky but that's kind of the point. I just keep it in my back jeans pocket or coat pocket.
 This is for an iphone 8 I just bought. Previously I had an iphone 5s with an Otterbox Defender case for 4 ½ years. Worked perfectly and the phone looked brand new when I traded it in. Unfortunately already I've had to modify this new case -- the plastic face was bowing out making it very difficult to use a finger to swipe or press the screen, so I removed the plastic and instead have a piece of tempered glass as a screen protector. I also cut off the charger and mute tabs because they were very bulky and facing the wrong direction. This case doesn't pretend to be waterproof so no loss there, and now it's more functional. Very disappointed that I had to do that. Also, because the iphone 8 is larger than the 5s the whole thing (case and all) is very bulky -- it's the largest I'll ever go with a phone. I felt backed into getting a new phone since my iphone 5s battery was failing and not worth replacing. I hope that the iphones get smaller for those of us who like heavy-duty cases like the Otterbox but want to carry it in our pockets.
 Worked fine at first, but over time the rubber outer casing seems to have expanded and no longer fits hard inner plastic shell. Sometimes this prevents the belt clip from snapping onto the case, risking the phone dropping from the clip unexpectedly. I hardly ever remove the phone from the case, so this is not from me stretching the material causing it to deform over time. Very disappointing since I used an otter box for my previous phone and was happy with it.
 Case resembles the case posted at Amazon. Arrived in makeshift packaging of a clear, see through plastic! Definitely doesn't resemble any original OtterBox packaging I have seen.<br/><br/>Also, be aware that the motif at the back of the case appears to be a piece of cardboard pasted onto the back casing and not directly printed on It as I would have believed it to be.
 This case is nice for a teenager that is scratch resistant, very easy to hold and when port covers are closed is pretty good and swing water resistant. Awesome case for kids and teenagers.
 This is my 2nd defender case. I bought a. We one because I had a light teal and it was getting grungy even though it still protected my phone perfectly. They are awesome and are great at protecting your phone. I’m clumsy and drop my phone a lot! I have small hands and it is not too bulky for me. New cordless chargers still charges through the case.
 not sure why the quality of mine is so poor. bows around the edges, cant keep water/ moisture out (between screen and case). and traps dirt and dust almost as if it rolls in dirt pits while im asleep....
 Bought this for a new Mom who just had to buy a new phone because when managing toddler, infant and phone, the phone lost! She'll drop the phone again but chances are it will survive the fall this time!
 Mixed feelings. Protects phone really well. Has survived several drops and tumbles.  Do not care for the non slip feel. Makes it hard to put in or out of pocket. The color of this case seems to lock in dirt around wear points. The cover over the home button is starting to peel up and it drives me nuts mostly because I want to pick at it.
 This case does not fit the iPhone 7 nor iPhone 7plus properly. I purchased them for my nieces and they cases are not right against the phone screen so when you push on the screen to type or so anything there is a big gap between the case and actual phone which makes it not read your touch screen.<br/><br/>They should be tight so that there is no spacing between the glass and the front of the case.<br/><br/>It won't allow me to return them now but these are expensive cases that don't do their job and cannot be used.
 Love it it protects my phone and the dark color doesn’t show dirt.
 This case sucks! The front cover leaves a gap between the phone and the case. Trust me. It’s infuriating trying to type and swipe. Otter FAILURE!
 This is definitely heavy duty. My phone is safe and stylish. My only complaint is that the color varies slightly from the image online. It's more of an eggplant color than the light color pictured. Other than that, no complaints. If you want to keep your over-priced iPhone in tact then this is a must buy.
 The protection and design of the Otterbox Defender can't be topped.  Price is very reasonable for giving your phone protection from nature and you don't need to purchase the extra screen saver.
 Thought the price was too good to be true, but it's a genuine Otter Box and it has kept my phone safe! Super pleased!<br/>UPDATE!!!!<br/>So I accidentally managed to get phone lost in the washing machine (don't ask, long story) and it stayed in there for a GOOD 10 minutes and was perfectly fine. Yay iPhone and yay OtterBox 😊
 Great phone case, and virtually indestructible. This case has kept my phone safe for 2+ years. They are definitely worth the price. Amazon's price for this item is considerably below retail.
 I have had my case for about 6 months now and I’ve noticed where the matte finish is  wearing off. It could be from dropping it but I doubt it  since it is not on the edges it’s in the middle of the back of the case.  I have always had good luck with Otter boxes and I still love them,
 They sent me the wrong color.  However, I ended up liking it better than the one I was supposed to receive so I kept it.  I only gave 4 stars due to the error....I ordered plain Aqua color and received Aqua color with White Polka Dots. Always love the OtterBox! Such a good, reliable case!
 I’ve been a loyal life proof customer for a long time. I moved to otter box after I my 3 rd lifeproof broke down. I like the otter box because you can turn it around in the holder to provide more screen protection and the clip holder comes in very handy.
 Have always had an otterbox on my iPhone, have dropped it COUNTLESS times, have never once had the screen shatter or anything else break. Always my go-to case when I get a new phone.
 I've been wondering if this is an actually otterbox brand. It seems kind of like a knock off, but I've dropped my phone a few times and it hasnt broken yet, so I guess I cant complain too much
 It’s kept my daughter’s iPhone from busting up since 9/2018 so it’s good so far. It’s peeling a little which is strange but as long as the phone is protected...we’ll go with it
 I've used many different phone cases, Otterbox defender is simply the best I've ever seen. Attractive, durable as heck and provides stellar protection. It's easily worth spending an extra $15 or so to get this, especially considering the high prices of phones these days-this is a no brainer.
 The only draw back is that it makes your phone heavier and the on/off switch more difficult to access. It's up to you to choose what's more important to you: style and functionality or heavy duty protection. The case protects against scratches and breaks due to drops. This is the best case one can get for mishaps.
 I have 2 young children and hard flooring in my house. I am constantly dropping my phone on accident. This is definitely a necessity to protect my $700 phone.  And it comes in many colors.
 Just upgraded from the iPhone 6 to the 7 so I needed a new case to go with it. I've had an Otterbox on the last few of my phones and have never had an issue with them. It protects the phone very well even when dropped or hit. I am a big Realtree fan so this was an easy choice for me. It looks and feels very sleek.<br/><br/>10/10
 I can’t say yet about the durability of this product but in years past my son and I had bought a Life360 phone case and my husband had an otter box defender and his lasted much longer than ours for 1/2 the price. The seller was very accurate as to when our cases would arrive and also emailed to make sure we were happy. Great communication. I would definitely purchase from this seller again!
 I have been using OtterBox's consistently for a few years now. Very good products.<br/><br/>Dropped my iPhone 7 in this case into the toilet and it was submerged. Quickly got it out and no water damage! Thanks OtterBox!!
 I have used Otterbox products in the ast &amp; always loved them but this specific case I received is horrible. I have to press everything so hard my fingers are about to fall off! If others are this bad I will never purchase another!
 My wife doesn’t exactly “baby” her electronics. This has saved the phone on several occasions. My only issue is the “rubber” that surrounds the case gets easily stretched and sags.
 Bought 2 of these - Otterbox rates highly with good reason - it feels solid and protects all parts of the I phone well. Well worth the cost to protect a 600 investment.
 Love otter box and I love this new 7/8 case when I first bought my iPhone 7 there was only the 6/7 cases which didn’t fit the 7 correctly the new 7/8 cases are perfect and even feel like they are made out of a more durable material!  The price was also right on!
 This Otterbox Defender case has lived up to the rugged protection expected from this line of cases.<br/>However it is large and bulky and difficult to extract from the pouch case I carry it in.<br/>For my use the included belt clip is too fragile and often in the way. It does hold the phone tightly, though.<br/>And the flap covering the Lightning is bulky and hard to open with one hand.
 I've had my OtterBox Defender for a few months now and it's holding up perfectly. I feel confident that my phone is well protected against everyday wear and tear. I bought mine while it was on sale and feel that it was a great buy. I prefer this case to other brands I've had in the past.
 I love this otter box cover! I am hard on my phones so decided to go with the Defender Series. Very sturdy, all ports are easily accessible, great price, and best of all, NOT BULKY. I would buy this again in a heartbeat!
 Great product and the packaging was awesome! I didn’t have to mess around with layers and layers of plastic to get to the item.  Be careful with the lighter colors though because color from your jeans and dirt show really easily after time, nothing wrong with the product though!
 I purchased this case for my iPhone 7. It came in on time and looked good. The manufacture claims that it protects the iPhone from dust, BUT it still lets dust get in behind the clear cover shield and the iPhone glass, so you have to pull it apart daily to remove the dust that gets between the case clear shield and the phone. It must come in around the ear piece opening.  I also purchased the suggested glass protection shield that went on easily but it makes using the keypad less responsive when typing on.
 Cover is sturdy...but it sure makes my iPhone7 really heavy.  The color is not what the picture shows.  The pink front is like a cotton candy color...rather bright.  I replaced the plastic screen protector with a glass protector.
 I really like this case. It’s not too bulky. Very durable. Easy to install. Comes with a screen protector. Touch Screen sensitivity is not affected by the plastic cover. Fingerprint Security still works fine too. Otter Box just makes a great case.
 Exactly as described, a high-quality way to keep your phone in perfect condition.  It is so secure, in fact, that we had a little difficulty getting the case open so that we could fit the phone inside.  But once the phone was in, it's perfect for keeping it safe.
 This little cover gives the phone a great grip, the sleek smooth phone alone does not provide. It should provide some ''drop protection'' if I still manage to let it slip. I removed the plastic film from the screen, as it seemed to make the screen less touch sensitive. A very good case, other than that....
 I absolutely love the defender series and have used it for all my Apple products since 2012. The case can be a little hard to open initially but it’s part of what makes it strong.<br/><br/>Otter box also has excellent customer service should you ever need it!
 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01K6PAOL8/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_8  This is an original OtterBox.  It is awesome.  I bought this for my wife's new iPhone 7 and I will never buy anything different anymore.  It provides great protection for your phone.  She dropped her iPhone 7 down a 15' flight of stairs by accident about 30 minutes after I put the case on and the phone and case are still immaculate.  I would not recommend dropping your phone down a flight of stairs to test this out.  She was lucky it didn't break.  But I am very pleased the case saved me another $700.
 Case works great for me. Little bulkier than I am use to. But need the high edges to protect my phone because I am always dropping my phone. With how many times I have dropped my phone with this case. I have had no breaks or issues with my phone.
 Kind of an old fogies phone case but seems to protect it pretty well
 This case is definitely good and sturdy for someone like me who drops their phone a lot! However dust and in my case dog hair keeps getting stuck under the screen and I have to keep taking it apart to get it out. It's a pain to take apart. It's sturdy I give them that but  when stuff gets stuck under the thumb scan it doesn't work and you have to type in your password to your phone.
 A little bulky, but who cares b/c otterbox is truly the best to protect your expensive devices! It's lightweight too. The woman who invented otterbox graduated from the design department at my college...I trust this brand through and through!!
 Use this case as a daily driver and I am assured that my phone is well protected. I had to pop out the screen protector that came with the case. There is a gap between the screen protector and the phone screen. Installed a tempered glass screen protector and it works great with the case.
 I bought this case for my daughters iPhone. She has dropped it over and over. The phone is still perfect and the case still looks brand new. It is definitely worth the money!
 It's a brute of a case.  Has protected phone truly so far in a variety of ugly falls.  Only downside is that the Defneder is bulky!
 Belt clip for the holster broke off within 4 months.  Under warranty but it costs $5.99 for shipping.  Not worth it.  Every other Otterbox I have owned has had the same problem with the belt clip snapping off the holster.  This product is overpriced.
 It's nice and thick but for some reason the screen part isn't nice and tight on my phone which makes it annoying to press anything everytime u are typing as your finger lifts u feel the screen lift it's annoying.
 Overrated product.. compare to a MBlai it's way too much money for the otterbox. Yes the built in screen protector reduces touch sensitivity, it's very noticeable trust me.<br/>Don't get me wrong it protects the phone but it's not worth the price or the hype about this case.<br/>Another thing how can this case be dust proof if u leave the front facing camera section open like that
 As long as you don't use the silly plastic display cover, it's an awesome case. Have used them  with 3 different iPhones over 6 years. They have been dropped more times than I can count, even from ladders, and have never had physical damage to a phone.
 We only buy otterboxes for our overpriced iPhones. They protect them very well and I feel confident that my family isn't going to shatter or destroy their phones.
 If it weren't for these cases my sister would need a new phone every other week. She's really happy with how the updated style looks vs her bulkier older one. Will update on how it holds up!
 Terrible to type.  The screen is not flush against the phone and that makes typing very difficult.  I’ve had multiple otter box cases and this is the worst case I’ve ever owned.
 I was nervous about getting this, after reading reviews of it not fitting the iPhone 8 very well, but I bought it anyway.  It works great!  No problems with the touch screen at all!
 I love its protective cover, but I'm giving it just 4 stars because you have to press harder on the protective screen to make contact with the screen of the phone itself.  It's a price I'm willing to pay to take care of the phone, though.
 Protects teens from breakage!!
 Fits perfectly over my iPhone 7  and I love the color. I used another OtterBox Defender for my iPhone 6 and after 2 years it was in excellent condition after being dropped numerous times. Upon buying my new iPhone I instantly ordered this OtterBox Defender for it and would buy again.
 I’m almost 100% certain this is NOT an Otterbox. It looks legit but it doesn’t sit flush with the screen like any real Otterbox. I even went to the ATT store to compare against a “real” one. The one in the store fit perfectly. It’s a scam!! Stay AWAY!!!!!! I was wanting a cute color, but I guess I’ll settle for a functional case that isn’t as cute from the store.
 Otterbox isnt exactly known for thin cases, but for protection. got this for my mom and shes dropped her phone a good dozen times on hardwood and still no breakage....yet. hopefully stays that way! does make the phone thicker though
 Love the OtterBox Defender Series cases! Durable and saved our phone numerous times!! Purchased this one because we just got new phones. Price on Amazon so much better than our wireless retailer so it’s a no-brainer whom to purchase from!!
 Otterbox is the best protection for a smartphone in my opinion.  There are prettier ones out there but some of them are too slick and you can drop it easily.  The Otterbox is chunky and easy to grip.  It comes with its own screen protection which is also a plus.  I have had other products but always go back to this brand.
 I have only used Otterbox defender cases on my phones.  I did try the lifeproof case for a day and returned it.  I've tried other brands as well but, I prefer the defender hands down.  You can't beat the protection.
 This is your usual otter. They have refined the edges in the case softening the lines. It is very easy to hold and the filler print features work great.
 I also left a review for the iPad one. I'll say it again over here. This is a great product for those in this world that for some reason cannot seem to not break their Apple products.
 I love this case ❤️ Fits perfectly, durable, and I can’t imagine using any other case for my new iPhone. It feels nice in my hands, excellent quality.
 Well, my daughter wants this case everytime she gets a new phone.  She had this case for her iPhone 6 and a car drove over her phone and it was completely unharmed.  WHOA!  I'm am still in shock.  And the case didn't look like it had been ran over.  Still in shock!
 Bought this for my Mom for her first ever iPhone. She loves the blazer blue color and the built in screen cover. She drops her phone more then she cares to admit and she needed a rugged case to protect her new investment.
 My boyfriend is brutal on his phones. He goes through an otter box atleast every 6 months. Thank god they’re so durable or I’d be paying a lot more for new phones that often!
 What can you say, it is an Otter Box. My teenage granddaughter had one for 3 years and no issues with case or phone. We had to replace the old one because  she moved from an iPhone6 to an iPhone7.
 This is the second one I have purchased.  The first one lasted several years of everyday use and protected my phone against some  harsh environments.  Not a scratch on the phone.
 I love this case so much!!! It’s my favorite color and I love the polka dots- they’re so cute and girly. It definitely protects my new iPhone 8 (I’m extremely accident-prone), but doesn’t get in the way and isn’t too bulky. I wish it came in more colors!
 I’m rough on phones. My poor phone falls every day. I’ve pursched the defender series for every phone. This case is awesome and has saved it every time. Including a fall from the top of very high bleachers onto the concrete below. These things take a beating and hold up very well.
 I had to go to youtube to figure out how to get my phone inside of this case, but let me tell you, this thing is a beast. I have no concerns about my phone breaking now. This is my third otterbox, and I will remain a loyal customer. These products work.
 I only buy Otterbox's for my phones since my kids drop my phone all the time and with Otterbox I have had no breakages of my phones.  The case is sturdy but somewhat bulky and the screen protector sometimes makes it hard to scroll through on the screen or detect what I'm pressing, but this is the only case I trust to keep my phone safe!
 in love with this case. I am not really big on the color pink, but this case is so different I had to have it. I waited until the price dropped beacuse I could not imagine paying 55 for this case-so glad it did!
 This is my second OtterBox. It provides the maximum protection against physical damage. It's a little bulky compared to other cases but if protection is your top prioriy this is the case for you.
 The design is cute and the case functions well to provide great protection.  I drop my phone many times per day.  Ugh!  I am disappointed that despite cleaning every night the edges are discoloring brownish.  It takes away from the stylish original appearance and I am worried it will be rather unattractive over time (although will likely still function well).  I would recommend getting a dark color to avoid this.
 purchased a new Otterbox Defender case and holster for the guard 's phone at work.  The previous phone was an iphone 5s and the case lasted 5 years.  New iphone 7, so we purchased a new case.
 Screen portion of these cases is always a pain to keep clean. As soon as it arrives I pull it out and install gorilla glass to keep the screen from getting scratched or broken. Case is rugged and the rubber hasn’t stretched or deformed.
 Absolutely love this case I had a life proof case before this and had so many problems... this case is so great and my daughter drops my phone on the floor all the time and thanks to this case no damage
 This is my second Otterbox phone cover. I really like them. Haven’t dropped phone yet, so have no idea how effective it would be if I did.
 Not happy at all. The swivel broke and my phone fell to the ground. No hard use and kept it horizontal on my belt so no real pressure on the swivel. Not happy at all.
 I use Otter Box for my work phone, my tablet and my personal phone. Passed the test of time for me. That is a very hard test to pass.
 bought these for everyone who shares the office ... and gets an office phone.  no issues shipping and they seem to function as well as they were described.
 I recently helped someone put their iPhone into one of these Otterbox cases and was so impressed my spouse now has one as well.
 I do not use an iPhone without its OtterBox. While on the bulky side compared to others, I like the Defender Series because it clips and I use it clipped to go jogging. The Defender has saved me so much money on what would have been broken screens, it's worth every penny.
 This is the best case for any phone there is.  I do wish that I could customize my own colors rather than having to purchase multiple ones to get the look I want.
 The back started peeling off. Structurally it is ok, but it is not usable anymore because the back is peeling off. I wouldn't buy again.
 This is super cute and standard Otterbox good quality. I tend to drop my phone and so far so good-no breaks or issues. The color is beautiful and unusual-not as common as other Otterbox case colors. I am very pleased with my purchase.
 This case made it very had to swipe type messages and turn on the flashlight things I do everyday. I replaced it with the Symmetry Series which works much better for my i7.
 I always wonder why I buy a small, light phone, and then put a huge, heavy box on it. But the box is great, works well, and provides super protection. And I need a lot of protection. Wish the box was easier and simpler to put on and to remove.
 Sturdy! I love the plastic cover over the face instead of putting that film on it. It’s heavy and feels like it really protects my phone.
 Have used for over 1 year dropped phone several times without cracking screen. It is a life saver with small children playing on my phone.
 This holster case lasted me one month exactly. Not sure how or why it cracked when I tried pulling my phone off. Clip just spins and doesn’t click anymore.  Actual rubber case is still in tact though.
 Loved the discounted price. Great durable quality product just like the other defender otter boxes I have purchased for other iPhones in the past.
 How do you value something like this?  I feel like they are $10-$15 too high in price but then I have NEVER had a $700 phone break so I guess I will continue to pay the premium.
 Purchased for my husband's new phone when he upgraded. He's had this same style and pattern for his last 3 phones - very durable and holds up well. Protects phone well when dropped. Can't go wrong with the OtterBox Defender!
 I've had many otterbox cases. This is the first time I have been disappointed. The screen cover is not sensitive enough. I have to touch the screen with significantly more force than on previous models. It's quite annoying. I feel like I am pounding on my phone to type.
 Great protection but I am on my second case cover- it keeps peeling - they have a "warranty" but you pay $4.95 to cover shipping.  Seems like it should ship for free
 The touchscreen is difficult to use.
 All my friends, have cracked Their screen, then they ask me, with the otter defender, it’s the best on the planet, have thrown it, dropped it, it truly is the best I highly recommend it to all
 Has kept my mom's phone safe and secure but it does increase the size of the phone a lot.  You have to accept a bulky case to get this kind of protection
 My household currently has five devices with defender cases. The defender is the best protection for the money. They fit well and look nice and you don't have to worry about cracking your screen . I have dropped mine on rocks during a fishing trip and also on concrete when I opened the pickup door and the iPhone was completely unharmed
 This is the case to get for teenagers who are rough on their phones. It keeps the phone protected. My daughter dropped her phone down (wood) steps and it kept her iphone in perfect condition
 I had been waiting for this color otter box to go on sale and it finally was. I have dropped it a couple times on accident and it kept my phone safe.
 Great case. I love this line of cases. It protects my phone well from drops. The only thing is it’s not waterproof. If my son has it a lot of times I have to remove the case to dry my phone.
 Its really an awsome cover.. i feel my phone is fully protected and even became more attractive.<br/>Only one small point to be mentioned, cover doesnt fit 100% the mobile, I can say 96% which means there is a little moving for the mobile inside cover.. this could be easily adjusted by putting smal piece of rubber to fix the mobile inside the plastic coverso it wont move any more.<br/><br/>5 stars
 Very durable and makes my phone looks sharp. It's been dropped a lot already and I don't have to worry about my phone being broken
 Great product to protect your smart phone. Took 1 star away because the plastic cover on the screen affects the touch screen.
 The screen cover was glued improperly. I can’t close the case due to the screen overlapping. This definitely looks like a fake otterbox because it’s so poorly made.
 Bought this case for my pretense iPhone. He tends to drop his phone a lot and eventually cracks screens. Its bulky but it protects his phone and thats all that matters to us.
 We got this phone case for my daughters iPhone. At first, we got her one without the screen protector and she got a scratch on the screen. So then I found this at a great price and it has kept her phone very safe
 I love my Otterbox Defender, have always had them, and it was priced very well here. Would not carry my Cell Phone without this, so much protection! This is my favorite brand. I use this brand for my two IPads also.
 Excellent protection for my phone. Bright color makes it easy to find and the shock-absorbing outside is non-slip, so it does not slide across the dash of my car while driving.
 I have always had OtterBox cases on my iPhones  and I haven’t had a phone break yet. It can seem bulky but the protection is worth it.
 First, the screen protector will make the screen become not sensitive at all. It also diminish the image quality a lot.<br/>After one day use, I cannot help to use a knife to cut it out so I can type things easily on my phone.<br/>I understand it is supposed to give optimal protection, but the case is just way too bulky!! I would not recommend buying it。
 Sand and water got under screen finger print did not work.
 Otter box made a longer lasting case this time. All older cases came apart in less then a year, this one is better longer lasting.
 Great case!  Matches very well with my rose gold iPhone.  The outer shell is a little bit harder than the rubber one that I'm used to.  I always buy the defender series.  The former cases were nice and rubbery  so I hope when the phone drops this case will protect just as well .
 I REALLY like this case! Not bulky, sturdy and the color is very nice!! I have this for months now and it still looking great!
 I have had several of these Defender covers and they provide me with confidence that damage will not happen to the phone easily.  The drawback is that I haven't been able to use thumb ID to get onto the phone. Have two put in code every time.
 I always go with the OtterBox that provides the most protection since I tend to drop my phone often. It provides great protection. I got it in blue (with a rose gold phone) and I love the color.
 Color has faded with handling in under two weeks - Even some of the dots have rubbed off - very poor quality - I would send it back but the return window time frame has closed as of March 4, 2017
 Not for me. I was shocked how much bigger and heavier it made my 8 plus. Had to return it.
 Great product! This is on my 16 year old daughters phone, she has dropped it several times and her phone is still in perfect condition. We have several apple devices in our home and I require otterboxes to be on them at all times.
 Holding up to a teenager but has discolored a lot already only have had it 3months
 I've had this case for a few months now and my case it still going strong. I'm known for dropping my phone but the defender series has never done me wrong. I know people prefer looks over safety but if you want a case that will keep your phone safe then this is it.
 It was durable but it would get moisture inside and trap it on the phone. That’s obviously a problem. I had to keep taking it apart and drying it out and I didn’t even put it in water.
 The only case to have if you are rough with your phone. First one lasted 2 years and was still going strong, I replaced it due to scratches.
 Love Otterbox. I drop my phone all the time and never have an issue when I have the case on. Worth the investment rather than having to buy a new phone after a drop
 It's a great case but it's already starting to get dirty after about a week of using it. I've tried washing it and it won't come off. Other than that yeah this case is great
 I have grown tired of replacing my iPhone screens every few months form small drops. I have always thought Otter Box cases were just overpriced, but I bit the bullet and I am so glad I did! It's not the most attractive looking case, but sure beats wasting hundreds of dollars replacing the screen! I seriously wish I would have just done it earlier!
 My Mom has an Apple phone and always drops it. This Otter is well made, prevents damage and has many colors/ designs to select from. Well worth it.
 Solid protection for your teens!! Nephew plays lots of sports and he places his phone in his sports bags along with cleats, gloves, and other sporting equipment and the case protects even the screen.
 Best phone case I have ever had. In a true blonde moment I left my phone on the roof of my car. When I accelerated to 65 mph the phone when flying off the car. When the phone was retrieved the case had some scuffs but the phone was still in perfect condition. Ordered a second one to replace the damaged case.
 The thin layer of outer "rubbery material" separated from the main component within a few weeks. I thought I was buying a high quality OtterBox case, but I guess I was wrong. :(
 This is my 4th OtterBox and I love it just as much as all the previous ones. I've dropped this twice already since I got it, and it's protected my phone perfectly. Would 100% recommend to others.
 After 1 week, it has worked well with my iPhone 7. The only downside is that it is pretty heavy, but that's reassuring that it's a strong and durable case. It works with the fingerprint recognition.
 When I got my iPhone 8 plus in this case it felt like I was talking on a 5# brick.  It will definitely protect your phone but it's just too bulky for me.  I sent it back.
 This is the best protection cover that I have found. This is my second OtterBox. The first one is three years old and still is in perfect shape. New Phone new case and the only reason I’m replacing the old one.
 Came quickly and was packaged efficiently. Is a legitimate otterbox, would buy again.
 Great product! Easy to adhere and very functional on the back of my phone. Because I throw my phone around a lot it does unstain wear so I replace it every three months but that is expected.
 I LOVE my Otterbox and wouldn’t trust my iPhone with any other cover. This is my 5th Otterbox (purchased the others for the rest of my family) When it take the cover off my phone still looks brand new.
 The durability is good...but the rubber material that this is made of just collects dirt and looks absolutely disgusting after about two months of use.
 Purchased for one of my nieces.  She loves it.  Keeps her phone safe from all the trials and tribulations a teen can put a cell phone through.
 The screen protector held up to a  kabota backHoe rear wheel running over it in 2b stone , it screwed up the screen protector, but my iPhone glass screen didn’t break , man was surprised  it didn’t break. I highly  recommend this phone cases. 5 star
 This case is not made for the IPhone 8. It creates a bubble in the center of the screen. You have to get used to typing extremely hard. In all honesty I wish they stop promoting the 7 cases as 8 compatible bc they are not. It still has protect it from drops, but it’s annoying.
 It’s an Otterbox. Can’t go wrong. We’ve ran over one in the car and the phone was still working great and no damage.
 Space between screen protector and screen.
 Otterbox might not be the prettiest out there but damn do they work. I will never buy anything else. I have dropped my phone more times than I can count and I have never had one break.
 I have been using this for a couple of days but the screen protector has a rainbow smudge that doesn't go away.  It is between the screen protector and the screen itself. It is very annoying especially at an angle.  Otterbox..what can you do to remedy this?
 Very durable case.  I always feel safe with my phone in the OtterBox Defender case.  I've dropped it from table and counter heights and my phone is fine.  I also like that the silicone cover prevents the phone from slipping.  I recommend this to everyone!
 Otter box has made the skins to their cell phone protectors way better!  I love the color and I always have an otter box on my smart phone!!
 This case is exactly the same as the IPhone 6 case, I have the same case for the 6 and ordered this one because it said for the iPhone 8. Don't waste your money if you already have the 6 case
 Although this Otterbox protects well from impacts like dropping, it allows all kinds of dust and dirt in the case.  I am constantly having to take it apart to clean both the case and the iPhone.  I would suggest looking at other cases.  I will on my next purchase.  I have bought many Otterboxes for iPads and iPhones for myself and others in my family.  Time to look at other cases.
 I'm sure the otter box will protect the phone, but it is next to impossible to use the touch screen on my IPhone 7 - I bought another protector.
 As advertised. Seems well made. Great color. Serves my purposes. No complaints so far. I do wonder if the tabs that covers the charging port and sound button will wear out in time though.
 I’ve dropped my iPhone phone 10 Times and the defender series...... sure did defend it from cracking or shattering!<br/>I live by Otter Defenders ... order it and I promise you that you will not regret it.
 Yes, this case does get a little discolored around the edges but my iPhone is still perfect after flying off the roof of the car on a state highway. So, thank you Otterbox for making my dumb mistake much less terrible!
 Best protection for iPhone 7 EVER.  Easy to put on, all buttons are accessible, Excellent screen protection plus additional protection you can put on or take off. I love it.
 The back of the case started peeling within three weeks of buying it.<br/><br/>As a person who purchases thousands of dollars of cases for portable devices at my work I will avoid this case in the future.
 Item worked as expected, no issues. Was gift for grandson and his parents are returning the phone, thus the return of item.
 Purchased as a gift and was returned.  Recipient stated that the case was too big and bulky for them..despite the extra protection it would provide.
 Looks very sturdy and secure. Hasn’t been tested by a fall yet but I can’t imagine it wouldn’t protect my phone from anything but an angry bear trying to send a text.
 Good case to protect your iPhone. The design wore off on the back after a year but I still consider it a good deal.
 Love the product, very durable, and protects my phone well. Will definitely purchase again. Great price. Very affordable.
 Best phone case period. Have dropped phone many of times,even on its face. Makes the phone twice as thick but we’ll worth it
 this product is very good, always use in all my phones, tablets. the price is a little high but worth it.
 Great phone protection. However it gets dirty easily and does not come clean it stains easily.
 Works great to protect the phone; which is,<br/>I guess, the point. However the color shows all dirt and smudges and my magnetic phone holder in the car won’t hold it up anymore because the case is thicker. So, there are some downsides. I’d buy it again but in black.
 My mom loves this case. It doesn’t show dark spots when being held for long periods and it genuinely protects her phone. I definitely recommend this case!
 Looks clean, fits well. Came in a plain box not OtterBox (box). The only indication of it being authentic is a small OtterBox booklet that came in the box. The actual case was wrapped in plastic.
 This case is the best!!!! Grippy, excellent protection, front doesn’t interfere with tough,  It’s awesome!
 I really like the Defender series cases. Good and strong. This particular case the top plastic cover doesn't fit tightly enough making it hard to type. I may have to get an exchange.
 It doesn’t work, the case was great but the stupid screen protector it was atttached too not only prevented me from using my phone screen but also can’t scan my finger well. Waste of cash if i don’t get a refundn
 It fits perfect in my new phone and there is no loss of sensitivity on the screen when in use. It also feels rugged which I need for my line of work while maintaining a sleek look which is important for me being that I wear it on my belt.
 I bought this for my husband's phone.  He has to wear it on his belt while he works and its tough and durable.  Just don't get why these phone covers cost as much as they do, that's my only beef.
 As usual, I am very pleased with my Otterbox case. This color is quite nice and pairs well with the rose gold iPhone 7. My teen likes it, which is difficult to do!
 It’s an OtterBox, need I say anything else?  I love OtterBox products and it was priced right!
 It’s real. My girlfriend is extremely hard on phones and cases and these are he only ones that can stand up to her abuse.
 Its really an awsome cover.. i feel my phone is fully protected and even became more attractive.<br/>Only one small point to be mentioned, cover doesnt fit 100% the mobile, I can say 96% which means there is a little moving for the mobile inside cover.. this could be easily adjusted by putting smal piece of rubber to fix the mobile inside the plastic coverso it wont move any more.<br/><br/>5 stars
 Bought this for my new iPhone7. Everything works as it should and it is an authentic Otterbox Defender case. The Touch ID works very well through the case. The screen protector does slightly stand off from the phone screen, which is slightly annoying.
 Otter boxes defenders series are the best I you drop your phone a lot like I do. It’s a bit hard to get the inner plastic case off - but I have a little arthritis in fingers.
 I love otterbox. I have dropped my phone in a 500 degree oven, fallen down the stairs with it in my backpocket and dropped it everywhere. I have never had even so much as a tiny crack in my screen.
 my husband works in the construction field and he has dropped his phone many times and the defender case has save it. every time he up grades his phone he always orders this case
 Product protects phone very well but the blue color gets discolored very easily to some kind of reddish color. Do not recommend purchasing if that would bother you.
 I got this so I wouldn't have to stress about my baby throwing my phone if she managed to get it or more often than not my clumsy self dropping it while multitasking. It does it's job, but I must admit I hated it for a week or two. You have to press so hard on the keyboard with this cover but you DO get used to it.
 Handsome, functional case.  Appreciate the extra protection.  Husband removed the clear, plastic front cover as his fingerprint ID wouldn’t work (Obviously).
 Didn't even take two weeks for it to tear apart in the are where you touch the home button. The previous identical case from Otter lasted a couple months. Have to stop buying it as replacing is a hassle.
 Great price. I’ve always had the defender otter box and it’s worth it bc I always get a high trade in value for my phone bc it’s in excel condition. Arrived quickly and well packed.
 NICE COLOR AND FEELS GOOD TO HANDLE. PROTECTS THE CASE WELL. I PERSONALIZED MINE WITH A FINE TIP SHARPIE PEN AND MADE DESIGNS ON IT WITH MY INITIALS. JUST LOVE IT.
 I have these Defender boxes on iPhone 5 and 7+ (Phones look like new). So I got this for a new iP8. I use an extra screen protector underneath, so trapped dust won't scratch the screen.
 I've had these cases before and like it. The holster attachment changed from my previous model and I like the new design better. It seems more secure when on my belt.
 With two small kids constantly grabbing my phone I have to have a tough case! Otter box has been dropped and banged numerous times and my phone is still intact!
 I bought it for my husband's new iPhone.  He works in a warehouse and is rough on his phones.  This case is sturdy and will do the job of protecting his phone.  He has already dropped it a few times with no issues.  Love that it has included screen protector.
 Super sturdy and protective of my iphone.  The screen protector works well with no problems
 This was nice until in a week it looked dirty...my fault for buying a light color..but then I tried to take my phone OUT of the plastic case that goes into this blue one..OY! It took a lot of pull and a tool to get my phone out! If I had the box, I'd return it.
 Fits well and defends the phone well. Plastic screen is already torn up after having it about a month. Scratched and hard to see through. Glad it’s not the phone screen but frustrated how soft it its
 Love the otter box.  But my phone is a 7 and does not fit snug in this case. Wiggles around.
 this is my 3rd defender case. i've never had an issue with any of them. what a great product.
 Typical protection that you would get from an otter box, however it gets dirty super quick if you do anything outdoors.
 I loved every single ones of the OtterBox I bought. I bought 5 so far. Every one of the iPhone that my family owned are well protected.
 I had one for my previous phone and it saved me a lot of times. I love the pattern!
 Genuine Otterbox for a lower price than in the stores. My only issue is that it didn't come in the retail box. But for the money it's a great deal!
 Box works as described and with the screen protector affords some assurance of no screen damage!  My 3rd Defender series style Otterbox and the quality is great!
 I have had three Defender cases. All, including this one are excellent. Best testimonial is when I turned my last phone in. Salesperson said, "this phone looks brand new." The phone was three years old.
 basic box is great but the cover to charge port gets in the way when trying to get plug in to charge phone
 If you have a new Iphone. The Case will not allow you to use TOUCH ID. But it's supposed to be made for Iphone 7 and 8???
 This case is beefy. It makes the size of your phone considerably larger, but I’m willing to deal with it for the protection it provides. Top of the line in phone protection.
 My wife cracked the screen on her last 2 phones. It was time for a change so I gave this to her as a “gift.” She likes it, and my wallet does too!
 I am in love with this phone case. I love the fact that it protects my phone to the T (especially being how light the iPhone 8 is I’ve already dropped it a few times since recently having it) but I also love that the case with a screen protector because I mean I love to eat while watching TV on my phone and at times my hands are greasy or dirty lol.
 My wife has dropped her phone about every other day and after two years, it’s still working and not broke.
 This case is okay. It is already very dirty and it doesn't come clean with anything. I have only had it on my phone for 3 weeks. Also, it doesn't seem to be an actual Otterbox or it was a return because all of the paperwork for it was outside of the plastic container it was sent in. Not a fan!
 Really great case. I wish it kept dirt and pocket debris put better.
 The build in plastic screen protector is not working for me. I found it hard to navigate from screen to screen. Some time the touchscreen is not responding.  I would return it if I have the original packaging... not happy at all, I would give a no star if I could.
 I've been counting on Otter Box to protect my iPhones for many years. I have never been disappointed and have never cracked a screen. Love Otter Box.
 I've been counting on Otter Box to protect my iPhones for many years. I have never been disappointed and have never cracked a screen. Love Otter Box.
 Very solid, a bit hard to press the power button and type on the screen. Otterbox Commuter series may be a better choice..
 Beautiful case. Alot cheaper then in store
 So glad ---that I got this. Quality is good and came in the timeline requested. The color is nice and stands out from the rest of my families' otterboxes! These things are sturdy and even touch ID works well!
 Otter Box has always proven rugged and dependable and I wouldn't use anything else to protect my iPhone!
 Since having this case I have dropped my iPhone more times than I can count and there is not one scratch or dent on the phone.
 The case is very sturdy, obviously very protective, easy to hold and looks great! Thank you very much!!
 My daughter Loves it. Easy to put on not as easy to take off. She's dropped her phone at least 3 times from what I actually saw no telling how many times she's dropped it at school no problems iPhone 7 still in brand new condition
 So far no problem. The color is really nice and received on time.
 I have had this for about a month , have dropped my phone a couple of time and no damage at all !!
 My husband is a farmer and his new smart phone needed to be kept clean and safe. This case is perfect and at a much better price than at the store where we got the phone!
 This particular Otter Box doesn't have the screen protector close enough to the actual screen for some reason so some of the things in the middle need to be pushed extra hard. Other than that, it's a great phone cover.
 Bought for my work phone(iphone 7) world good protects the phone from your typical drops and then some.
 wonderful fit and hopefully, it does its thing, if I drop the phone(so far, I haven't)<br/><br/>good price too-much less than in the local stores!
 Protects from drops and guards against screen damage. Slides in and out of pocket with ease. Does not unduly add to the size of the iPhone. Color is a nice smoky blue, not gaudy.
 Bought as a gift and love the protection of an OtterBox. Can't beat it!
 Great product.  I had my iPhone 5 for 5 years and the Defender case provided outstanding protection for my phone.  Still looks brand new when out of the case.
 Hate the plastic screen and how tbe phone gets so dirty in inside. There needs to be z better option for the construction trades.
 I Loved this product as it provided Great protection in the beginning  but after owning it for over 6 months the case is starting to fall apart. Corners are parting ways.
 Very sturdy but very bulky and somewhat of a hassle when you want to plug in to charge. If I spent time climbing tough terrain this is great otherwise too heavy.
 This was a gift for my niece.  She is into the camo trend and really loves this case.  I love it because it is an OtterBox so I know it will protect her new phone.
 Did not like the defender series!  I purchased this on June 11, 2017.  It came with a clear plastic covering to protect the screen on the plastic piece which you see on my photo ended up breaking the other day.  So it only lasted about 3 months.  The clear plastic covering made it hard to use the phone and I already had the glass protector on it so I removed it.  This made it much better but it is bulky compared to some of the other series.  Giving this a low rating because the plastic pieces are very cheap for being otterbox brand!
 Easy to put together although the directions were a little lacking.  Looks just like the picture, very sturdy and pretty.
 It was a gift. But it was perfect condition fits great!
 Great case, and pricing! Clip is holding up, case offers so much protection!
 As much as I drop my phone this is a necessity. Had one for every IPhone I have owned and they always are in great shape when I upgrade.
 Excellent protection for my iPhone. Always high quality products. Very happy with ease of use for the touch screen.
 Good protection for my phone but the materials are of such poor quality that the outside of the case sheds abd flakes off and looks horrible low.
 I really like this case. It's durable and I love that it comes in purple!
 Does what it should. Great quality and protects the phone. Has not had any issues with this and charging stations for my iPhone
 Bought for my dad, he works construction and outdoors all day. After couple months, still looks new. Can definitely take a beating.
 Nice, but not as nice as the ones Otter used to produce just a few short years ago.  The quality is definitely not the same, and the holster you now have to purchase separately.  But hey, they're in to make money, and what does it matter what us consumers think.
 I've been using Otterbox defender on my iPhone for at least 4 years, I drop my phone daily and I've never cracked my screen. Highly recommend..worth the money for the protection.
 Great quality protection for an IPhone7.<br/>Includes clear screen protection and rubberized armor around the body.<br/>Button accessibility is well designed including the main clear home button which works well with the fingerprint reader. Easy to grip. Includes a belt holster which can easily detach from the Phone.<br/>Overall it is a great case.
 Daughter dropped phone while in case, phone damaged - does not protect the phone
 I cut out the screen protector and fingerprint cover and put a tempered glass protector on it, because the outside case provides adequate bump and drop protection.  I have never broken a screen with an otterbox, so...
 Great product for a clutzblike me who is constantly dropping my phone.
 I drop it often and the phone outlasted the case.  returned for warranty one year later with no problem
 I only buy OtterBox Defender cases because my phone always gets dropped or beat up. I’ve never had a phone damaged while in this case. I love the purple color.
 I like this case a lot I just got an iPhone 7. I had the iPhone SE for the past 2 years. This case is better then the defender case that I had for my old phone
 I have had several IPhones over the years. I ALWAYS buy an Ottorbox Defender. I have never had a screen crack and I am very clumsy!
 Daughter dropped her phone flat on its face. Screen protector didn’t crack but phone sure did. Back to otter box she goes!
 This case works well with my Iphone 8.  I like how slim it is to fit in my pocket, but still have the protection aspect for my phone.
 Nice for awhile but now, 3 months later, the plastic covering the home button ripped and the finger print scanner doesn’t work. Not happy..
 I don't really like the holster, but as a long-time Otterbox user, I feel secure having my new phone protected. I've dropped my phone several times with no damage. I plan to get a soft holster with belt loops.
 This case is a nice eggplant color and it serves it purpose. I’d order it again. I have an iPhone 8.
 Only complaint is that this color shows dirt very quickly! It does a great job at protecting my phone though! I am super clumsy and drop it all the time!
 I used several otter boxes before and know they protect your I phone very well less than half the price of most stores
 I will never, and have never, put another case on my iPhone since I began using the Otterbox defender series. I've never had a cracked phone screen, I'm the only one of my friends who can say this, and I'm the only one of my friends who has this phone case. I refuse to believe this is a coincidence.
 Over all the case is tough.  But there is a design flaw that bother me so much that I have to point it out:  The small rubber plug in the bottom of the case that use to protect the charging hole make it so hard to take the charging wire out, you have to pull the wire out by the wire not the hard plastic part since that part is cover by that rubber and also the thickness of the case make the hard plastic part only left a short portion outside that is impossible to hold it.  I concern about this since if I always pull out the charging wire by the wire, the wire will be broken one day, and I don't like that to happen.<br/>Another design flaw is: every time I pull out the charging wire, the fingerprint part of screen protection will lift off and leave a gap between the home button.  While this is not a big problem since I can just press it down again, but when I look into this, I found out that when the wire get put out, the hard plastic case that is inside get lift up a little so the fingerprint part of screen protection will get separate from the screen.  This is not a short term problem, but in the long term, I am expecting to see more and more dust get in between my screen and the screen protection due to that small gap that open every time I pull out the charging wire.<br/>I am planning to use this case for at least 2 years, but I hope it will last to 4 years.
 It’s worth every penny! I work construction and have dropped my phone literally off the ROOF! No cracks, nothing it survived! Thank you AmazonB
 OtterB ox cases are the only ones that we use on my husbands phone and Ipad.  He is tough on things due to his work, but the cases are great for protecting your gear!
 my first venture with iphone  started with an 8.  being former android otter box does not fail to impress.  good protection, fit and finish everybody complains about home button cover.  to me seeing how phone respnds it seems it needed to be that way considering some controls work on pressure applied for certain functions
 So far, I'm seriously in love with my Otterbox! I feel like nothing can get to my iPhone and the added protection for the screen is just the cherry on top! Super happy!
 Great iPhone protector. Really don’t like the hip clip. But you can disagree this piece and the cover is great
 Love the colors.  Works perfectly.  Dropped my phone a million times and still in mint condition.
 The camp design wears out quickly to a “scratchy looking” white background. Shame on Otterbox for not checking their quality after “normal use”
 Rugged as hell.
 I have a two year old daughter so this case is a life saver, I have dropped my device and not even a scratch or dent. This case is awesome. If you want you can get a better screen protector preferably tempered glass and you can pop out the built in screen protector.
 The case provides great protection for your phone but the rubber case stretches too much and will start not fitting snug over your phone within a matter of days.
 Great case for a great price! I’ve had it about two months now and it shows no signs of wear and tear. This is my second Defender case and I used the last one for three years! Otterbox is the only way to go!
 It isxa great cover diesnt make phone as bulky as i thought ! I out an extra glass protective screen on my iphone before putting this on.  Easy to install a bit harder to take it off ! Definitely worth what I paid for it and probably even more if it says my phone from being broken!
 Has done it’s job multiple times already (aka, saved my poor phone).
 Super cute pink camo case! It looks great and protects my phone from drops! Wouldn’t buy any other brand!
 works great for my son.  waterproof screen makes the touch sensitivity not as sensitive. But for a teenage boy prone to destruction, it is alright.
 Had a cheaper, imitation box, but if failed after only a few months. Nothing like an Otterbox.
 This is about the third or forth Defender I've had. But like always it is Great. No use to buy anything else.
 My wife drops her phone on a daily basis, and still works probably because of this cover.
 Great for people who are on the move all the time and protects the phone really well
 This case got very dirty within a week of use. I ended up ordering a new case because I couldn't stand the sight of the dirty case.
 Too hard to use your phone.  I am sure it super protected my phone but it made actually using your phone really hard.  If you have "man" hands with big fingers I'm sure it would work fine but for small hands with fingernails, forget it.  Too awkward.
 Very sturdy
 What is there to say but WONDERFUL! This product has protected my phone from 6 feet drops on concrete! Call me impressed!
 Liked it was delivered in two days. Great product. Protects the phone 100%. Only thing I didn’t like is it said.. it was hand delivered to resident. Found it on my patio floor. And a homeless person almost grabbed it. Caught him on time before he took off!!!
 Great protection for my new Apple iPhone 7. Over several years I've probably owed at least a dozen Otterbox Defender cases and can honestly say that I've never had a complaint.
 Otterbox is the way to go to protect your phone.  I REALLY love this color.  It is so much prettier in person.
 Love it.  I had one for my IPhone 5 and the fit on my new IPhone 8 is perfect.  These are great protective cases.
 It’s protecting my daughter cell phone. she dropped it a few times  and still holding up.  The only thing that I don’t like is the plastic that covers the screen part makes it very hard to swipe any of the apps especially when getting a phone call. It won’t let you swipe to answer
 I would not have any phone without a otterbox defender &amp; clip
 My granddaughter likes this.  It fit her phone and she likes the color.  I think it is a good value for the price.  I would buy this again.
 Love these!! Phone survived lots of drops already!!
 Regrettably I switched to knock off cases for a while but never again. Protect your investment. Only negative is the screen requires extra finger pressure to use phone.
 We love Otter boxes.. super quick delivery. Of all the cases we’ve tried they hold up the longest and the best
 Extremely strong case, as always. Got this for my daughter. Very attractive. She loves it, it’s protecting her hard earned iPhone 8.
 My step father got his first iPhone this fall, I ordered this for him for Christmas and he absolutely loves it.
 Bought for someone else, but they are satisfied with this case. Has protected the phone multiple times from drops. We have always used OtterBox cases to protect our phones, and have always been satisfied.
 Love this thing. This is my 3rd OtterBox. The last one I had is trashed! But it kept my phone in prestine condition, and I expect this one to perform just as well.
 Shows dirt easily, but the case is wonderful and offers superior protection for a spill-prone individual (I drop everything/am clumsy). I would buy again in a heartbeat (just in a darker color).
 I ordered this for the warranty that comes with otterbox brand cases. When i opened it there was no serial number on the case. I’m concerned it is a fake.
 Perfect. Exactly what I was looking for. iPhones are like bars of soap for me, can't hold onto them.<br/>This case fits perfect and is rubberized for better grip. Also helps it not slip out of your pocket.
 Great for a clumsy person like me who drops their phone at least once a day and spills on it constantly.  I wouldn’t have a phone if it wasn’t for this case!
 Gets the job done. Takes a beating, and my phone is in great shape.
 Great case.Another excellent product made by Otter box.  It fits my Apple iPhone seven very nicely  I would highly recommend this case
 I bought this a few months ago and it started peeling.
 Bullet Proof or as close as it gets. All my devices are protected by Otterbox. Can't seem to get finger print recognition to work though.
 This case is very sturdy and does its job well. I also love the color.  The reason I gave it 4 stars is it shows dirt very easily. The edges are almost constantly dirty looking. I use sanitizing wipes every couple days and it seems to help.
 I ordered a new case for my iPhone 8. The case is not the correct fit. It is too big and makes it so that the touch screen and home button do not work properly.
 I'm very happy with my purchase. The case really protects the phone and I don't have to worry about damage to the phone. It doesn't add alot of bulk either. The colors are great too
 I have used Otterbox cases for years on every phone I have owned.  This attached photo says it all. the case on the left is over a year old, the one on the right is only about 4 months.  I think I got a knock off instead of a real Otterbox. It's disappointing to spend the money and get a fake.
 I bought this for my iphone 7. I love the colors--they look really cool, much better than most Otterbox cases. I love Otterbox and will only use their brand on my phone. Great purchase! Glad I bought it.
 Purchased this December 2017 everything was great up till now. The back it tearing off and will plan on buying a different case. Expected it to last at least a year.
 Great case, I will always buy otter box cases for my phones
 Package arrived on time, well packaged. Perfect fit but not crazy about the color afterall. Very pleased all together.
 lasted a long time,but too bulky. now I bought a slim case and it looks better,your choice.
 My 12 yr old son got the new 7, and he is not allowed to have it unless this case is on it. So far, it lives up to its reputation. No issues and fits great. Beware: if you've never had an otterbox defender series before, it greatly increases the overall size of the phone. Basically, it's bulky, but well protected.
 Exactly the same one I bought from Best Buy but at a better price! It has the hard shell with the rubber casing, so it bounces a little when it falls
 My “new” case has scratches on the plastic that covers the screen upon delivery. Also, there is a gap between the plastic screen covering and the actual phone, so I have to press extra hard on the screen when operating my phone. Do not recommend
 So far so good, wireless charging works perfectly,  solid and its a great protection for the fragile "gorilla glass", a must buy!
 Bought this case for my 10 year olds phone and we completely love it. It protects his phone well and he's still able to fit it into his pockets so it's not as bulky as the old otter box cases they use to make.
 It is somewhat bulky, and the clip attachment that the case fits into is O.K. (I don't use that). But its very tough and protective. A Must have for the 7 Plus.
 Love this case much better than my lifeproof!
 The Otter Box Defender is the only phone cover I use. It's saved me from replacing my phone. I've ridden cutting horses with it in my hip pocket, and dropped it several times; Never has my phone had any damage. It's a little bulky, but it will protect your phone.
 I’ve dropped my phone 100 times so far and nothing has happened. Great case!
 Good case for a phone that needs a bit of protection.<br/>I'm rough on my phones and this really helps.
 It's a little pricey but it's better than paying for a new screen. I love the color!
 Bulky- yes, but I have two young kids, and am clumsy. I’m always dropping my phone. Without the upgrade every two years anymore, this is what you need to protect your phone. I repurchase every year, and it’s a great price.
 Fantastic product. I never buy any other brand. My son has dropped his countless times and I never have to worry.
 Great sturdy phone case!
 Otter box has the best covers to protect my phone and this cover works just like all their other products.
 This was a used otterbox however it was in perfect condition in the original box. Extremely satisfied.
 I will never buy any other case than OtterBox - their cases are as described, protect your phone and keeps the phone snuggy in the case
 A little bulky, but great protection for my phone.
 It's pretty bulky and I love it! I personally chose to take off the built-in screen protector since I already had a tempered glass on it. This case will definitely not let anything happen to my phone at all lol
 good price.
 Adds a little bulk to the iPhone, but really does provide superior protection.  We pay a lot of money for these phones and they're worth safeguarding.
 I always buy Autre box. Never had any problem. Love this case
 This is definitely a great case, but somehow the plastic part that is the main frame has cracked. I hopefully can get it exchanged via amazon with no issues. Other than that, LOVE IT! &amp; I love the color.
 The protection is great but I hate the new design. It has stupid flaps that you have to open from bottom to top and not top down for the charging and silence port. I ended up cutting those. I wished they stick to the original design.
 3 times I sent my phone back to the carrier.  200 deductible.  I dropped my phone 5 times with no cracks.  Should of bought this yrs ago.  Thanks for the product!!!!!
 This otterbox did not fit my iPhone 8 as expected. The iPhone rattled around it. Also heavy pressure needed to text through screen. Irritating.
 Great case as long as my grandson keeps it on the phone!
 So the otter box is great. I opted for the real tree camo color. However after a little over a month, the camo pattern is wearing off. This thing has not been dropped and just isn’t holding up. Don’t waste your money on a more expensive pattern.
 Fits well but dirt still gets in between screen protector and phone. The light color gets dirty quickly but any phone case this color would. I would give it five stars if it did not let dirt get in between the case and the phone. It does a very good job of protecting the phone from drops.
 Already fallen apart JUST after the window to return has closed so I'm stuck with JUNK
 any time a drop of water lands on my screen, it seeps to under the screen cover.
 This is a perfect fit for me new iPhone 8. It came with original package as described on the website product details. I love Amazon logistics.!!!!! received my package on time.
 Love the color and durability. Over time the edges darkened a little bit even when cleaned on a regular basis. Happy with it! Did I mention love the color!
 Defender cases are great.<br/><br/>What's not to love about Pink Camo?  (For a lovely young woman in my life.)
 Otterbox quality is great and this was a good price
 Helped friend purchase this to try and she loves it.
 Exactly what I wanted. I’ve dropped my phone with this case on it like 10 times and nothing is cracked or chipped. I love it.
 Keeps the phone covered, but the rubber stuff on the back around the hole has started delaminating after just 4 months. Not well put together for such a well known name. Disappointed.
 These guys know how to make a phone Protector case that is super durable, very functional, and smart looking!
 Light color does look a little dirty after awhile.  Pretty, though, and seems to protect the phone. I like how it feels.
 Great case!
 Love the durability of the OtterBox defender series! This is at least the 3rd case I've purchased to go on various iPhones and I've always been highly satisfied. The only downside is that this time, I purchased the turquoise case and I do notice that it has gotten dirty quicker and more easily than the darker colors that I've owned.
 Screen separated.l only after 2 months
 Perfect fit.Sturdy and has protected my phone a number of times.
 Love this case. Can’t go wrong with Otterbox. I have a few of the same cases in different colors so I change them to suite my mood.
 Screen makes it difficult but I am getting used to it. Very durable.
 Great Case that fully encases phone. Great for the iphone 8 and 8 plus because it's all glass. Can put a tempered glass screen protector for added security.
 Worth the money...which is about 25 dollars than buying it in a retail store.  This was the only Otter with the belt clip.
 It is bulky but I have dropped my phones from every angle at all heights for years on many surfaces and it has NEVER even been scratched using this case.
 Perfect protect for my child’s<br/>Phone.
 The best! Most rugged! Great for construction worker!
 I only purchase Otterbox phone cases. Nothing else last as long and the customer service is the best I have worked with.
 Great price! Never let down with outter box. Realized it’s a very common color but it’s protected my phone from several falls!
 As always, the otterbox defender far surpasses any other case we have tried including life proof versions and other otterbox cases
 Works perfect on my 7. Best price anywhere
 Love this case. It provides everything I need protection wise without being super bulky. And the colors are super cute.
 I must confess I love the brand because I have never broke a phone in this case.
 Water or cleaner gets on everytime we wipe the case down. Protects from falls, don’t wipe down with liquid.
 Fit like a glove, perfect. Dont believe negative feedback, this item is great.
 Fits my new Apple 7 perfectly.  Used a Defender on my Apple 5S and it protected it for 2 1/2 years without any problems.
 This is the third Defender I have owned for my 3 iPhones over the past 8+ years. We've never had a scratch or problem with any of the the phones. They are very durable.
 My last one lasted a couple of hard years. Does no interfere with the volume of the phone, easy charge access
 Good otterbox only minor quibble the flap for the connector on the bottom is hinged to flip up and I'm used to the older style for the iPhone5 where it flipped down. I keep having to remember that it's different when I can't get it to open.
 I destroyed multiple phones before getting this case. worth the money
 Bought this for my 15 year old.  So far it has served its purpose.  No complaints.  Fit the phone well and arrived on time.
 Again a quality product that proves itself over and over
 So far its exactly as they said. I'm not sure how its durability is because we just bought it.
 Very nice and durable for the price. The side buttons are a little difficult for me to press but overall I’d still recommend.
 This paticular case has not held up! We have purchased other Otter Box cases with no problems but this one is falling apart.. disappointed..
 Ordered late Saturday afternoon and order was on my doorstep before noon on Sunday, yes delivered on Sunday in less than 24 hours.  Was slightly suspicios of price but product is genuine Otter with Otter documentation and limited warranty info.  Very happy with product and price.
 We are very happy with our selection
 perfect
 Needed a new case for my kids phone.
 I don't use anything else but Otter Box.  I do wish the rubber wouldn't get loose over time though.
 Money well spent! This thing is tough and keeps dirt out well.
 So far so good! It’s a hefty case and a little difficult to assemble around the phone, but once everything is in place, it seems very secure. All the openings apart from the speaker holes on the bottom have closures to keep out lint etc. The front has a built in plastic screen protector. I don’t particularly like that feature and didn’t realize it came that way. I prefer the feeling of glass on my finger tips, but we’ll see if it’s a bother long term. Doesn’t seem to be any way to use a tempered glass screen protector in addition to this case.
 This is the brand our family uses for our iPhones.  These cases work well for Mom, Dad and our three barbarians.
 It is perfect, I absolutely love the color
 I just received this for my iPhone 7  and absolutely love it! I always use Otterbox and this one seems more sturdy than the one I had for my iPhone 6. Plus I love the color combination.
 Liked the color and the protection the case provides
 Got this for my daughters phone! She's dropped on a daily basis and iPhone is still in tact! Great product.
 After a month hard plastic case has already cracked next to the home button. It took 2 1/2 years for the same to happen on the 6S case. Either these are counterfeit or Otterbox quality is going WAY down. If it’s not on sale I would look elsewhere.
 Cute and keeps my phone from cracking!
 Thank you! Love this OttterBox and the price is absolutly great!<br/>Satisfied consumer; quick delivery!!
 It gets dirty very quickly and it doesn’t wipe off.
 Best phone case I’ve bought. Great product for a great price. Worth every penny to protect my expensive phone.
 Great phone case, has held up well and protected my phone from water.
 I Love This IPhone 7 Case. Also, the colors go perfect with my Rose Gold IPhone 7. It gives superior protection while allowing me to use all of my phones features while in the case.
 Love this case for my new iPhone 7!!! Actually feels more snug and has a better fit than all the previous Otterboxes I have owned.  Not as bulky either which is a plus.
 This stains terrible<br/>I’m not sure why.<br/>I’ve never had and Otterbox look so bad so quickly.
 My husband loves this case. He's a mechanic and we've always used otter boxes on his phones. This is his third case due to phone upgrade and he said it was the best one yet. Would definitely buy again
 My wife seems to hate her cell phones and the otter box deters her from murdering them in new cruel and unusual ways.
 Bought it for Hubby’s new phone<br/><br/>He loves Otterbox-great case,easy to use.<br/><br/>Likes the belt clip/cover.
 It’s really a great case. I returned it because I wanted something to help shield radiation.
 Typical otter box level of protection, but if you wear dark pants they’ll stain the rubbery cover immediately.
 Excellent protection. I wouldn’t buy any other case.
 Very nice case, comfortable to hold, but allows a lot of dirt under the cover from the top speaker area of the phone.
 Great case for an even greater price
 Perfect box.....especially like the built-in screen saver.  I could never get the sticky ones on straight or without bubbles
 After replacing two phones due to screen shatters, I’m happy to spend the extra dollar for this product. Nothing but good reviews and this one included. The case will definitely protect my new iPhone form cracking, and I even have the “dad belt clip” to go with it. Thank you Otterbox and Amazon for the great service.
 Love my otter box(es) but like another reviewer I removed the built in screen and replaced with tempered glass for better touch sensitivity.  And nothing over the Touch ID button.
 Case fits perfectly, purchased for pre-teen daughter's first phone. Offers great protection!
 Great protection for my iPhone.
 Perfect for my wife, loves to drop her phone. She's been using the defender since the 4S without a single issue. Phones look brand new when we pull them out.
 This is a different material than previous versions of this product. The texture is off-putting to the touch and it collects much more dirt. I would not recommend this case. Order an older version or wait for a newer version.
 Love this case however I have only had it a week and the color is changing on the back side.  It almost looks dirty, yet I have only had it in my purse, pocket or carrying it so not sure that it should be discolored already.
 Great durability. Had one on every iPhone I ever owned. Wish they can configure a built in screen protector.
 So far so good. Fits well even over a glass screen protector after I removed the plastic otter box screen protector.
 Use it ever day for my work cell and my personal. I will ALWAYS use this product
 The case itself is pretty nice, but there seems to be gap between the screen and the plastic screen protector, making it difficult to text. This is really annoying. Otherwise, the case seems to be very protective, and feels pretty nice.
 It was my first time ordering “damaged packagaing” and I had no idea what to expect. The item was immaculate, no marks and in new amazon packaging. Included instructions too! The otterbox fits perfect and does it’s job well!
 Easy packaging removal.  Works fine and is slimmer than the Armor.  They don't make the Otterbox Amor anymore.  The defender series works fine.
 Disappointed with the thumb area, for making it more water resilient. it Crinkled up where I can no longer do the thumb print ID function on my Apple 8 iPone!  Frustrated
 Cuts, girlie, strong. I love it, so glad I bought this one.
 Gift for nephew. He loves it.
 This is my favorite color!  Great protection too!  I drop my phone all the time because I am a clutz but this case really works!
 Gets hair stuck in it constantly
 This case is a nice protective case and the color is spot on! However, it’s hard to type because it has a cover! Dirt gets in between the cover and my Screen so that’s annoying! But over all it’s not a bad case!
 I've owned several OtterBoxes over the years and I've loved every one of them.  Before OtterBox, I was a regular at the cell phone repair place with cracked screens.  Now the only service I need is a new battery every few years.
 There’s only one otter box.  Super reliable as always.
 I have been a loyal customer to otterbox Defender Series for a few years. This otterbox case I bought for my iPhone 7 is exactly what I needed. I am very rough &amp; clumsy with my phone. The case protects my phone from drop and possible scratches. The screen protector covers my screen and the plastic over the home button prevents it from getting scratched up but still allows for the fingerprint ID touch.  So far I love my case.
 Tough case dropped phone a lot and never damaged phone
 Awesome product no complaints
 Just like always, OtterBox makes great cases. Very solid protection.  Even two young kids can't hurt the phone in this case.
 Love this, just like every otterbox defender. I have used these cases for protection for years, as does my whole family. Have yet to have a broken phone. I won't own a phone without an otter box defender.
 I guess is alright but still get dust inside my phone and that was the main reason i boight this. Not doing the job for me.
 This is my second one and I just wanted to change colors. I love the face it has the top over the face of the phone. It has the non slip sides and back. Good for me for sure. I recommend.
 Ordered this for my daughter for her birthday. She loved it. We always trust OtterBox for protecting our phones!
 The real deal. Fits phone perfectly and is a well designed otterbox case.
 Awesome case as expected! Only buy otter box cases for all of our devices including our tablets!
 Perfect for a teenage who always drops their phones. Keeps the phone in perfect condition
 My old otter box was run over by a car with my phone in it. It still worked perfectly and the box didn't break! So happy to have a new otter box
 Protects my phone but the case is already becoming discolored.
 Cute case and offers great protection. It is easy to put on the phone
 Very nice case, good protection for child’s iPhone.
 Exactly what I needed to protect my work phone
 The case itself is super Durable. The holster is not and has already broken on me a month later. The holsters aren’t really expensive to replace but it’s still annoying when they break. I would give it five stars if the holster was more durable.
 I love Otterbox Defender cases. They are bulky but I think they do a great job of protecting the phone.
 What can I say? Otter cases are the best
 Went through 2 LifeProof cases before switching to Otterbox and I couldn't be happier - my iPhone 7 looks and works just like the day I bought it a  year ago.
 Otter box is excellent. Very strong.
 The design is pretty, but the case doesn't live up to the Otterbox name. The case is already worn after 2 months of use, and dust/water is constantly getting under the screen protector. Not impressed.
 Perfect fit! I have Dropped my phone numerous times and thanks to this great case my phone did not get any damage. Love Otterbox!
 I use this case on my iPhone 8. Air pockets form under the screen protector which makes texting impossible in those areas. I am better off with a different case and separate screen protector.
 Perfect fit. No issues at all.
 My brand new iphone 7 fits perfectly in the case.  I now feel safe to carry my new phone.  Love the grip the case has.
 As always, the OtterBox Defender provides great protection for my iPhone.
 Broke within a few months of having it and leaked through the case.
 Perfect! You can’t go wrong with an original otter box! And beautiful design
 the defender series never disapoints. with they made more colors though
 Excellent  made and made really good
 Bought item “used” through amazon.. other than the box missing, there was nothing wrong with case and it’s accessories. Looks brand new!! Very very  satisfied. !!
 I am in love with my new case! Only flaw for me really is how hard I have to press down for the touch screen. (I’m using another screen protector underneath though.)
 Always trust otter box
 Very sturdy case. I feel confident that my phone is well protected.
 Perfect and as expected
 Protects phones perfectly. Bought for my teenage son, and keeps his iphone in perfect shape
 Fit well, easy to install nice hand grips on both sides great value would purchase again.
 The screen protector doesn't go flat against the screen, which causes an oil spill effect on the screen. The screen protector part over the home button also doesn't go flat against the home button and constantly clicks. The edges attract dirt/link and became discolored in a matter of days. I've always had OtterBox and loved their Commuter cases, but the Defender does not hold up to the same standard.<br/><br/>Update after one month:<br/>There is a flap right over the home button where dirt get caught. All the edges where the phone rubs in a pocket are getting discolored. The charging port flap makes the front bottom edge curve when the charger is plugged in; this makes the front edge lose shape.<br/>Case collects lint like crazy.<br/><br/>Zero stars. I expected so much more from Otterbox.
 this is a darling phone cover!  I like that it's bright and I can find it in my purse
 Awesome colors and a good deal. Love my defender cases!
 Otter box is always the best protection for my iPhone. And with the fun colors I don't lose it in my house.
 The screen cover is hard to text with. It is not a snug fit and the key taps don’t register well. Wish I hadn’t bought it
 I got this case for my mechanic husband. He had a $90 lifeproof and broke his screen within a month. After that I got him this case and now months later his phone is perfectly protected! Highly recommend a defender to everyone!!!!
 Just what was expected
 A very sturdy case that looks as though it will protect the phone really well. That said, the case is heavy &amp; bulky. If you value having a sleek, light phone, then you can probably find a better case.
 Perfect item. Just what I wanted
 Phone hasn't broken yet
 This case is used for business purposes &amp; is used hard. It works great&amp; provides exceptional protection. Especially find the clip useful.
 just what i needed
 Otter Box makes high-quality cell phone protection equipment
 Love the color and price
 I have dropped my phone several times already.  This OtterBox has kept my phone safe each time.
 I purchased this for the iPhone 7 and it works and fits great. Would recommend this case for added security from accidental spills and scratches. Amazon was a day early on delivery with my prime membership and the color was spot on as depicted online. Thumbs up!
 Great protection but the screen protector isn't as good as the other Otterbox Defenders I've used in the past. Doesn't seem to hug the screen as closely.
 Hassle-free packaging makes the unwrapping simple. The otter box casing is lightweight and sleek but sturdy as ever  -- a big improvement over previous chunkier iterations of the otter box. The screen protector is glare free and touch perfect. Otterbox is an essential complement to the iPhone 7.
 Perfect fit, came promptly, good price. Win win situation. OtterBox has saved my phone umteen times
 Touch screen makes you need to press hard but I also have an inner screen protector too.<br/>This is my second one
 Exceeded my expectations for value, performance, quality of construction, utility, and durability.
 Looks great on my husbands iphone 8, dust gets under the screen protected and it says that’s not suppose to happen.
 Can't go wrong with the Otter Box for cell phone protection. I am very pleased with this purchase and product.
 I purchased this for my boyfriend. He works construction and this protects the phone perfectly!
 Excellent product if you want to protect your I Phone. Don't be fooled by others read about this product.
 Great case, saved the phone multiple time, drops, spills, tumbles and whatever else a toddler can throw at it.
 Must have received someone else’s returned item.  Box and packaging already opened.  Item was fine and will keep it but when I think I am purchasing a new item; I would think I would get a new items
 Love the color. Easy to find the phone
 Several months into it - not discolored - love it.<br/>Only issue is the flap that covers the charging area - total PITA.
 So far so good. This case has protected the phone for the first 2 mos without any incident. I love the color and style.
 Got my son this one, after getting him a I phone 7 works great, a must have for a accident prone teenage boy.
 Exactly as described. Colors are same as online. Great durable fit for the iPhone 8
 I absolutely love the Otterbox cases!
 I tried this with my new iPhone 8, but the screen protector was not tight enough making it very difficult to use the touch screen. The description said it would work for an 8. Had to return. Now I am looking for something specific for iPhone 8.Have loved Otterbox Defender on previous phones!
 Bought this for my son for Christmas, it is mid January, he dropped his phone with this case and now his screen is cracked! Worst buy ever. Don’t waste your money or you will just have to replace your screen!
 Fits my iPhone 7 perfectly. Defender otterbox doesn't disappoint! It never has. I love this design an color too. Looks just as pictured
 Great purchase
 This case makes my phone looks ridiculous, and bulky, but I love it. It saved my phone from numerous dropping. I will keep buying case from otterbox in the future.
 Good product does what it’s designed for
 Wasnt sure but I love it.
 When my teen daughter bought her first smart phone recently I required her to get this case.  She drops her phone frequently, and to be honest, so do I, but I never worry.  I have one too!  I don't think I'll ever use another case.
 Heavy and bulky but great protection for active lifestyle.
 Indestructible and easy to locate in your purse thanks to the bright aqua color.  This is my second one to own, and it kept my old iphone 5 looking like it was brand new.
 I bought teal. Love!
 Heavier than I thought it was going to be but the quality was good.
 OtterBox never lets you down
 I’m pretty sure I received a knock office. The back outer shell is peeling off, and liquid easily gets into the case under the screen.
 Love my otterboxes.  This has been no different.
 Great case but will not work with glass screen protector under screen have to hit it hard I love the case with built in screen protector they usually work with the glass. It not these for some reason
 Currently use this for my iPhone 7 and I love it! I always have to have the defender seeies because I constantly drop my phone. This case is very protective and i love how it has the extra screen layer. The color is darker than I expected though.
 As usual, otter box is the best quality and it was great that it was available the same time as the iPhone 7 was released.
 Second one Ive ordered.  Really good case for working folks!
 Otterbox is hard to beat! It really does protect your phone.
 The outside is a rubber coating, which got dirty within a couple days of use. It protects my phone, but it just looks super used already.
 Why would u not put a piece of clear plastic over the camera hole and also over the logo on the back. Without having some cover on those holes it will let sand and grit get under the screen. This is supposed to be a “defender” series not s “subpar” series.
 Always buy Otterbox foe my electronics best quality
 Very nice case, and a bargain over what they wanted me to buy with the phone.
 Item was delivered fast and is perfect, thank you!
 I bought this for my nephew and really likes it.  This is not the first Otterbox and won't be the last.  Thank you
 Makes it easy to find in your purse
 Bought for my husband’s new phone.  Works perfectly.
 Fits my phone well. I’ve dropped my phone and it didn’t crack
 Great protection but back is already peeling off fading after two weeks just the printed part
 Does the job
 This has protected my phone many times.  Not a scratch on it.
 It works. Worth the price to protect your phone.
 Great product per text my phone very well I’ll always  stand by OtterBox
 Best case I've owned.
 It turned a weird color within a few days of getting it.
 this case is currently keeping my phone safe. I've been using it for about 7 months and it has held up well. It's had a couple of small drops and no cracks! Pretty pattern too
 Great product that protects phone. This model doesn’t seem as bulky as my previous models and still gets the job done!
 Great case
 I got this case because I have 2 year old who likes to throw my phone so I wanted one that would protect my phone it still looks great after 6 months
 I had the Defender with my iPhone 5 and thought it was great. I assumed the same for this one for the 7.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the design has changed too much for me. I'm sure that it will physically protect the phone, but it leaves far too much to be desired.<br/><br/>Yes, making a slimmer case is nice, but as others have posted, it has lost the traction that the rubber surround used to provide. The phone is now more-or-less free to slide about on hard services. I prefer to know that the phone will stay where I put it when I set it down in my truck, for instance.<br/><br/>Even worse than that, though, is the screen protector. There is a significant gap between the Otterbox protector and the iPhone's screen, itself. This gap makes using the phone's screen a chore, as you must push down harder. Some of the areas of the phone, particularly along the edges of the screen, are extremely difficult to interact with, and will sometimes register a double-click when you've tapped just once. It seems like the Otterbox's screen protector is convex in the case, pushing away from the screen.<br/><br/>I will be returning this and finding another brand. I am quite let down.
 We love the Otterbox brand. They do everything that they say they do. Great cases!!
 As advertised
 Great case
 This is an excellent product!
 I only buy these cases for my phone, allows the best protection
 the first thing I did with my new iPhone was get a  case for it
 Great product and service! Arrived on time! Works great on Iphone 8
 ALWAYS SATISFIED WITH OTTER CASES
 They used to be less cheaply made. They are still the best case you can buy. This guy iPhone 7 &amp;8.
 Great skin!  Super protection, minimal enlargement! Love the non slip feel and functionality!
 great product for the price
 It's a good protection. the only compliant i have is it's kind of huge.
 Otterbox is the best rugged case available.  I always use them. They save the phone!
 LOVE this phone case.  Easy to install, and provides very good protection.
 Great case
 Great product
 Can't go wrong with Otter Box cases.
 Fits perfectly
 Keeps my kids phones from damage when they drop it.
 Great quality
 I bought one for myself and one for my daughter.  They were nice cases and my daughter doesn't have any problems with hers but I found I had to really hit the keyboard and home button really hard and therefore had a problem with mine.  Sent it back on 1/2/18 but still haven't seen the refund come through as of 2/12.
 I love the otterbox defender case
 great case
 Some telephone sales professionals or semi-professionals told me I had a bought a water proof phone, some said I had a water resistant phone but either way I knew if I use an OtterBox my phone will most likely take any water that is thrown on it!!  So far it works great with a Florida heat wave and a sweaty head and wet hands it responds.  What else can you ask for?  Pretty much my only complaint about all past phones was they never worked well in heat with washed wet hands or a sweaty head.  My I5 was not water resistant nor water proof but when dropped more than once in water it never failed me the OtterBox kept it dry.  YES even the speakers always worked. The Best
 Just what I expect from an Otter Box. Fits perfectly, functions well, seems very sturdy. My daughter loves it!
 These are great I'm very ruff on my cell phone they protect the phones very well
 Definitely a durable case. Several drops without any damage to my phone.
 Love otter boxes, but this one, the rubberized cover began peeling after only a few weeks. Very disappointing.
 Good case. I have used the Defender series for all my iphones over the years. Have never been disappointed. Dropped phones many times and never a scratch. A small investment to keep phone from damage.
 I always buy online otter box is my favorite but it’s usually so expensive. Always buy it here for way less.
 I just opened it and it had scratches on it. I am never buying one again!
 Very sturdy case, easily installed
 Real otter box for an awesome price!
 Excellent
 Excellent protection for your phone!
 As coach would say, "It is what it is". For me that means, it is what I want. Very protective, but certainly not very pretty.
 It's just WAY too bulky for me to carry around on a regular basis, and as others have mentioned, the screen protector does not flush well against the touch screen, making typing accurately a real struggle. There are other protective cases out there that simply aren't as bulky or annoying.
 Some cheap aspects to this overhyped case. So far though, it’s working on my 12 year old’s phone. Knock on wood.
 Otterbox never disappoints. It fit the iPhone perfectly and has already saved it from a couple drops on concrete.
 Love my new Otterbox Defender. Perfect color and exactly what I wantef
 Bought this case since iPhones are getting more expensive every year. It didn't disappoint! It's not bulky and fits easily in my wristlet.<br/>Worth the price - especially after what I paid for my iPhone (that I love too).
 Fits like a glove, protects my phone.... i would rather pay for this than to replace my phone, i have never broken a screen with this!!! Works great
 Can’t go wrong with otter
 Tough case! I would never skimp on a case for these expensive phones.
 Great
 I like the look of this case and the damage protection is great. My only complaint is that is seems to be yellowing a bit with only a short period of time of usage. I still like it overall.<br/><br/>*Update: after 3.5 months of using this case, it continues to get yellowed. I think it's from my hands and other material rubbing on the case. I do occasionally clean it with rubbing alcohol and less often with hydrogen peroxide, but I don't believe that this is causing the yellowing. I will likely buy another case, maybe in a darker color. It was really pretty to begin with. The photo is less yellow than it looks in real life.
 Love the OtterBox Defender box and love the color even better.
 I purchase an Otterbox case BEFORE buying the phone so it'll be protected from the start. You cannot go wrong with this case. Period.
 Comes just like described. Works well and fits the phone well.
 This was a gift for my nephew, but he loves it
 Works great like all OtterBox Defender cases. and this one was the correct color as ordered
 in just a few days the case is dirty and can't be wiped clean, basically it's stained from normal use. I also had to rip out the screen cover part as my screen was not nearly as responsive as it should've been with it in.
 Great item!! since I started using it, it has protected my phone from several falls
 Nice
 Great case for my husbands phone
 Great hard case, but cannot use phone.  Fingerprint login does not work because case is in the way.  Works 1 out of 10 times.  Cover on front is not smooth and have to push harder than other screen protectors.  Great if you just need a phone to answer calls, but not great if you have to use apps or screens.  Donating to Good Will
 A very good case.
 My wife likes the color and it seems that it provides plenty of protection for the phone.  She likes the plastic shield that covers the front to cut down on any scratches.
 Good
 Good durable case, needs screen protector under the plastic on that comes with it.
 Fits great and works perfectly
 Great case in a nice color.  I need the best protection for my phone since I can be clumsy at times and this case was perfect.
 Had it on for less than 6 hours. Dropped my phone and the screen SHATTERED. This is my 5th otterbox defender and it’s never happened before. Probably a fake otterbox.
 Great product
 Great phone protection with a secure clip for my pocket
 Got this for my son and is very durable
 I love otter box defender cases. They give me peace of mind knowing my kids phones are in them.
 Really like the case! Rough and tough for whatever life brings!
 Didn’t fit at all
 The back of the case is wearing off within a few days of use. Interesting, because I used to have this case and used it for 2 years and it never rubbed off. It's like the paint is scuffing right off. Otherwise, this thing is great. Protects the phone and looks and feels awesome.
 Love the pattern on the case. Very sturdy design and has already withstood multiple drops.
 Protects my iphone fine.  No problem with fit.  Good product
 Good phone case.
 I have an iPhone 8 regular and this case fits perfect! Very easy to put together and it has saved my phone sooo many times already! I work in a facility that has concrete floors and my phone has taken quite a few tumbles. This case is awesome!
 Best deal
 I love otter boxes- it’s the only thing tough enough for my lifestyle
 No issues.  I like this product.
 I just dropped my phone without any problems! Otter is more expensive, but, it's worth it! A great way to protect your phone investments.
 Perfect!
 It’s good. I recommend it.
 My husband was very pleased with the case
 Best case
 I ordered this for an iPhone 7.  It fits perfectly.  I removed the plastic cover since I have my own glass shield protector.  I have no complaints, whatsoever.
 This is the best protection for my expensive IPhone that I have found. I like to use the belt clip for carrying. I feel that I can carry my phone securely with this Case and clip. I found the case for a much more reasonable cost through Amazon.
 Roughness, slim fit, and ease of installation
 Works great
 😀
 As always a quality case from otterbox. Fast ship as usual.  Another perfect transaction
 Love the color, always easy to find.  The Defender cases have saved me many times, as I tend to drop things.
 Great phone case
 Best phone case out there!  And cute too.
 It doesn’t completely fit in the home button area. You have to cut the plastic out.  So make sure you put a glass screen protector on your phone as well.  Other than that, love it.
 The best
 SUPER HAPPY!  I was a nervous nelly with my iPhone before I got this OtterBox in fear of dropping the slippery son of a gun but this case ROCKS!!  I work in an industrial environment &amp; am generally not real good at keeping things nice for too long.....this case takes care of that for me!
 I love this phone case.  It provides durable protection, is slim in fit and just looks good.  Would definitely recommend.  A+.
 Product is exactly as described. I like it.
 Fits perfect, works well as you would expect from an Otterbox product
 Solid product; provides coverage to key areas. I like the additional belt clip that is included.
 Recommended by my son to protect my I Phone.  It's working!
 Great protection for you phone.
 I always, always, always, buy Otter boxes every time I upgrade my iPhone. Otterbox is the best.
 Sturdy and protective and a lovely color. My phone is flying out of my hands all the time and this little case has save it.
 Great condition and color! literally cost half as much as they wanted in the local AT&amp;T store.
 Great product
 Still holding up.
 Quality rugged phone case.
 The case is ok. Nice color and fast chipping
 Love
 Super durable
 I like everything about this case.  It not only keeps my phone protected but it is cute and cost effective. Would definitely buy again.
 Easy to install. Works just fine.
 Works great, especially with a toddler! Exactly as described!
 The light color (Tempest Blue/Aqua Mint) of this phone case gets dirty very easily, and the rubbery texture makes it difficult to clean. I like the durability of these cases but the light color, which is pretty but not practical, is not the way to go. I am having to order a new case in a darker color.
 This item arrived on time, and thus far, has met all expectations!
 So cute and durable!
 Great product.
 I didn't trust other reviews when they said this case doesn't work for the iPhone 8. Should have listened! It doesn't work with the iPhone 8! Not worth it - returned.
 No issues, its a genuine otterbox
 My grand daughter was sitting on my shoulders with my phone, and threw this down to the floor.  Phone survived.  Wow
 Cool product but made my iPhone hevier.
 Heavy duty protection for iphone 8
 If you have ever owned an otter box before it is much of the same. If you have not it is in my opinion a pretty good product. It offers what I have found to be unparalleled protection from falls and screen cracking. I have ruined about seven phones over my lifetime but I have never even scratched a phone I’ve had in an otterbox. Outside of a Rob Gronkowski spike into concrete, I believe this case would hold up to anything. Because Iphone 7 is waterproof there is no need for waterproofing case such as the life proof case. The only downsides to that it is somewhat bulky and the rubber on the outside can become loose overtime. When the cases were $ 50-60 that was frustrating to me but at 25 it really isn’t that bad. They did replace one of my old cases pretty quickly so their customer service seemed good. If it were less bulky and provided same protection (which I don’t know is possible) I would have given 5 stars.
 Great product
 Perfect
 Love it best one made
 This is a great product to protect your investment. As long as your phone is in an otter box you pretty much don't need insurance
 Very durable and perfect if you have a job setting that is a little more serious for your phone if it falls! Lasts a very long time!
 Great durable material. Hard, not soft case👍🏻
 Perfect fit
 Fits perfect!
 Great case for protecting from drops. The only complaints I have is that the screen protector scratches easy and the texture on the outside peels off.
 Makes my iPhone sound cracky on the other end of the the caller.
 works perfect
 Perfect, thank you.
 These cases are as advertised! I drop my phone daily and this keeps it safe!
 Fits great and no issues.
 Very rugged product, only complaint is the complex nature of assembling it in multiple parts, but it adds to your phones security
 I’ve actually had over a week and it’s perfect👌🏻
 When I am dog walking my favorite dog and we get to playing my new phone drops on the ground it's perfect
 Great purchase.  Exactly as described!
 Quick and safe delivery.Item as described.Would buy from again.AAA+++
 Makes manipulation during meassaging difficult.
 This case is bulletproof as far as phone cases go. It is a little bulky for a pants pocket.
 Plastic Cover doesn’t allow for touch screen- it’s too thick.
 I wish I felt more comfortable with a different case so I could see the pretty color of the phone, but bottom line is with this case I'm comfortable that should it drop my phone it will be safe. I wear dark pants for work and the color is starting to stain the outer edges of the case.
 Great Value
 Works awesome for someone who is always on the run.
 Have always liked the Otter Bos Covers since having my first iPhone 4s. Never had a phone damaged while covered with the otter box.
 Great Value
 Exactly as described and shown.  Very happy with the quality of it and looks like it will protect very well!
 I love my phone case!<br/>Fits perfect and I’m happy with the colors!
 Can't beat the protection from the defender series
 Excellent. Should have bought this before the last two cracked screens!
 BUENO
 Works great. As expected from otter box.
 fits great easy to use
 Usual Otter Box high quality!
 There is a gap between the phone screen and the protective cover which greatly affects the touch screen. Very disappointing.
 Dropped my phone on concrete every week. Still working great.
 Fits iPhone 7 perfect :)
 I like the case itself, but the quality itself has gone down. Within one week of using the case, the color started changing to a brownish yellow on the back sides of the case, and it holds dirt bad. The case already looks like I've used it for years, badly stained and discolored and I haven't had it 3 weeks. And I'm very gentle on my phone...no reason it should look this way.
 Love this
 Can't go wrong with OtterBox. Great protection for your Phone. Used them on all on the families phones.
 I know this product helps minimize damage on phones, but my father dropped his phone from a standard height dinner table and the screen cracked. Every drop and situation is different, but I didn't think it'd break on the first drop. Disappointed in this case.
 The rubber molding is starting to not stay sealed to the inner shell and my husband hardly takes it out of the case.
 Great protection for my iPhone but if you already have a screen protector it doesn't detect your finger so you have to press harder.
 It’s perfect
 kinda high priced
 Good
 Love the colors!!!! Will never buy anything other than otter box.
 Great case works very well but the camo on back came off very fast just the color but the case is all in tack and everything just faded the back to white
 Perfect
 Great product. Protects my phone and love my color. Clumsy I am but has protected my phone.
 I love this case so much! It’s almost the same price if you were to go get into a store. But the conscience of ordering it and it coming so soon is worth the price!
 OtterBox Defender.<br/>Nothing more needs to be said.
 great case
 does the job but was a bit large to fit other cases etc
 Fits great, works great and protects very well. Also fits iPhone 7
 Tough and unobtrusive, a bit of a pain when dust gets under the screen protector
 Love the case...  colors between mint green and teal... fits the iPhone 8 PERFECTLY... would buy again 🤓
 Nice color. Sturdy build. My phone will be protected from my 3 year old.
 Wife loves it but struggles with haptic Id to unlock
 Good protection BUT the plastic ‘screen protector’ severely limits the touch screen sensitivity. Tried it for 2 Days, very frustrating; eventually removed the plastic screen protector as many respondents resorted to. Now works a it should!
 I can’t figure out a way to get a hold of I  bought it from but the part where you have to put your finger on has already broken and it’s not even six months old
 exact fit and great price
 It works and is great protections.  My husband loves the camo design.
 Looks great and offers superb protection.
 Too hard, very difficult to take screenshots or do anything wt this product on.
 I've used Otterbox for several years and never had any problems with them. They've held up great, kept my phone from breaking, and looked decent for such a protective case. When I got a new phone, I immediately got online and bought a new OtterBox for it. I love the color of the Aqua and the built in screen protector. I've now had this case on my phone for a few weeks and I must say I am very disappointed. The edges are changing colors and the coloring is fading quite a bit already. The built in screen protector has a large scratch from my finger nail just from swiping up while looking at Facebook. I don't doubt that it will keep my phone safe, but I am very disappointed by the way my case looks after a few weeks of use. Perhaps it's  just the color I choose but I expect a lot more from OtterBox.
 OtterBox.  I don't think I can say much more.  Reliable, durable damn good case.  My daughter loves it.
 I like the protection. It’s a bit cumbersome and it’s a little tight at the bottom where the charger goes in. However, it protects the phone when i drop it.
 Phone
 I like the ruggedness of the case. Its lightweight and I can't even tell I'm carrying it at times. It definitely protects my phone. The only downside is, it can sometimes accumulate dust. But I'm satisfied.
 satisfied-works great
 Super cute, I always get many compliments on my case despite the enormity of its size
 Works pretty good. Fogs up when in my pants pocket if I'm working outside?  Need to remove phone &amp; wipe inside of case to get phone touch screen working properly.
 The plastic covering the screen gives me a lot of problems
 I'm always an otterbox user ever since. Still the same feeling.. i love it and durable.. still buying this product for my future phones...
 I LIVE by Otterbox cases, they're on all my devices! I've dropped them repeatedly and they never damage my device. I actually threw it down once to show a friend how reliable and tough they are😂😂😂 I'll NEVER have any other case on my devices.....
 Fast and easy
 Great otterbox. Using it right now for my iPhone 7. It offers the ultimate protection, although I wish it wasn't so bulky. Kind of makes putting it into a pocket a chore.
 Great case &amp; affordable!!  Love it!!
 Fits IPhone 8 perfect
 Very durable and the price is awesome
 Chose to bypass local retail stores; found more colors to choose from; 48 hours delivery.
 works!1 dropped 2x(by accident) no issues
 I will never go without an Otterbox! Perfect fit and has already saved my phone when dropped numerous times.
 Nice sturdy case
 I have much faith in this item. I have dropped my phone often, and it has kept it intact every time.  I recommend this product.
 Great quality
 Super awesome! Best price, great packaging and super fast shipping too! Thank you!
 I liked the protection the otterbox provides but this color is very light and after just 3 months it looks brown from dirt. The material is sticky and is now turning brown. I do not recommend this color.
 Replacing a defender on iPhone 7 that was just worn out. Love the brand.
 Case is bulkier than expected, doesn't encase/protect my front and back camera. Doesn't have any sorta protection for my speakers, so "dust resistant" and lint resistance is more of a selling gimmick in my opinion as well as "screen protection". It's thin cheap plastic that isn't responsive with the screen and just make tapping noises against my actual screen and won't protect from anything but minor scratches to your screen, but the screen protector itself will scratch really easily. And tempered glass is a no because the case covers too much of the face of the phone already so there's no true screen protection option besides this nearly pointless plastic neusance. "Hassle free packaging" didn't come with instructions on how to even get my phone inside the case so I had to YouTube it and find a way to even open this bulky case. Also had a difficult time with amazon, paid extra for over night shipment and didn't receive it till 4 1/2 days later, and for some reason customer service was an absolute hassle for me. Other than those problems it's a good case and will keep it protected from drops and other accidents at the cost of this terrible screen protector.
 i love these cases. they do what i need them to.
 Sturdy
 I’ve used nothing but Otterbox for years and this is the only case I’ve had issues with. After less than two weeks minimal use, the entire back of the case is stained and discolored. So disappointed.
 Have dropped my phone hundreds of times still intact. Unlike when you buy the cheap cases.
 Thank you
 awesome product it protects my IPhone 8 very well
 Other box protection is awesome but the clip was not great and it kept falling apart
 It’s a real otter box for a great price. Can’t beat it.
 this was too bulky for me, but a good case. I wound up going with a thinner Otterbox although it offers less protection
 my favorite case for my phone
 Love otternox but not this color! After one week of use, this looked years old. The blue wore away or picked up dirt that you were not able to clean off.<br/>Get a dark one!
 I purchased this case for my husband's new iPhone 7 2 months ago. Today he showed me a huge scratch in the plastic screen protector that your finger can catch on when you are using the touch screen. We've had good luck with these cases in the last, but disappointed in how long this one lasted.
 The kids upgraded their phones and needed the protection. They’re happy.
 Very fast shipment! I've been using otter box since iPhone 5. Great cases. Great for the work invironment. I've dropped my phone a dozen times, still works like new.
 I need the return page to ship it back
 Good product.
 Best case ever made.
 Back scratches more then I like
 Case works great against drops and what not but I bought the teal case and days after my case looks awful it's discolored and dirty looking. I've tried cleaning it with soap and even alcohol but nothing seems to help definitely not worth my $35
 case fits my phone very well.  secure and like the colors
 Best cases ever made.
 Good product and good price.
 Bought as a gift..... It is a Otterbox the name speaks for itself
 Purchased October 15 and by mid December the rubber coating on the back is already starting to separate. Very cheap quality
 works great!
 Best case ever made.
 Value priced
 Love this!!
 I'm super happy with the case alter grip is perfect it doesn't slide around on plastic surfaces and what not it will actually grip. :)
 Great case!
 Great full protection, however inside case clips are very fragile and the outside case also started coming out a little leaving gaps between the two.
 Well made and works as expected
 Perfect fit for the IPhone 7 plus its really a cute case. Very strong case for I already dropped my phone a few times with no damage to the actual phone or the case.
 Color.
 perfect
 Fit like a glove and keeps the phone protected
 When it gets dirty, it shows up really clearly. But great product. It'll just remind me to clean it more often.
 OtterBox, the best phone case you can buy
 Saved my phone
 Product arrived on time and just as advertised.  Great case, thank you!
 Already new I would be getting a good product. To bad I cracked the screen before I put the otter box on.
 Great product as expected from this company.
 Works great!!
 Much needed for my phone. Fits great.
 super cute and protects my phone perfectly.
 I wanted a purple case but the very pink insert shows through most when the screen is toward me.  I don't like pink.
 Perfect! Exactly what my husband needs to protect his phone!
 Works great.. protects my phone.
 Typical Otterbox.  Good product.
 Perfect, I have dropped my phone numerous of times and it's kept my phone in perfect condition...
 Very sturdy and supportive for my iPhone.
 Great item, great seller!
 Love Otter Box
 A little bulky which makes it not very attractive but it seems very durable. The screen protector though is pretty weak. I brought a different screen protector n carefully  took off the one that comes with this case. I tried leaving it on but having both screen protectors made it diffucult to text.
 Awesome. I have an iPhone 7 and it fits like a glove. I've dropped my phone a few times now from various angles and I've had no problems at all.
 My 10 year old drops her phone all the time.  No worries when its in this case.  I have the Otterbox Commuter myself and that one is awesome as well.  Adds bulk to the phone but thats whats necessary to keep it protected.
 dropped it out of my second story window<br/>no scratches at all
 This provides excellent protection without being too bulky.
 good case but the person on the other side of the phone has a problem hearing me
 the plastic covering was not flush against the screen so I cut it out and it works now
 I’ve had a Otter Box cases before and have not been disappointed. No issues with touch sensitivity. I like the color and the fit is perfect. Great price!
 Love it!
 Protects and has flaps for essy access for charger and buttons
 good product.  standard for otter box
 The otter box is my go to still for the phone cases. It is solid, easy to install the phone in, and it is good looking.
 Fits perfect
 Super easy to set up and durable too. Really good product.
 Bought it since my job can be hard on phones and I wanted to protect it. It does, but dirt easily get under the screen protector. I need to remove it and clean the phone and case fairly often. Also, dirt under the protector interferes with the fingerprint id feature of the phone.
 Excellent iPhone case protection. Works as intended.
 Great product
 Fits well. Color as shown.
 Protects the phone quite well. I like the rubbery material and the clear plastic screen cover. Easy to fit over the phone.
 This is the best deal I found on authentic defender cases. Always dependable and this one looks good too.
 Easy to install on new Iphone 7 and very attractive.
 so far so good. no dings, cracks, or bruises.
 Great quality great price could not believe it. Fast delivery like always.
 My girlfriend loved it and it fit her new iPhone 8 perfectly
 My new Apple iPhone 8 needed a very good case! I even like the colors. I now  feel my investment is protected much better than  with other cases I have used.
 works great no issues.
 Love it.  Keeps my phones safe.  My 5 year old has tossed and thrown my phone in my otter box and not a scratch.
 very nice.  as expected.  good price.
 I bought this for my husband after he broke his iphone 7 within four months of having it.  We did not have phone insurance because he's had iphones all the way back to the first version and this is the only one he's broken within the two year window before you can upgrade for free.  Anyway, with the new iphone, I bought the insurance and also wanted to get the best case on the market so I went for this one.  I do think it's sturdy, and you could drop your phone without breaking it.  The downsides are that there is a plexiglass shield that goes over the face of the phone and changes the feel of the touch screen, and also if you get water inside this case, it sticks around.  My husband had his phone in the cup holder of his car and spilled some coffee into that same cupholder.  He quickly picked up the phone but noticed the next time he used it that there was coffee trapped inside the case sloshing around.  It's also really big and clunky.  All in all, I would recommend springing for the insurance through your carrier and going with a more streamlined, more attractive case.
 It protects my phone great, but it gets dirty easily and not easy to clean. If I had known this, I would have bought a darker color.
 Love it, great feel, durability and looks
 AWESOME in everyway!
 Heavy duty product. Built-in screen protector had a flaw... but I guess that's minor.
 good product.
 Great otterbox case. Durable. Only issue is the pink actually looks more like peach. Not really liking it. The purple is nice though
 Looks great. Wrong phone case need case for iPhone 6plus
 Absolutely perfect case for those who really want to protect their $800 investment. Looks beautiful and is an extremely solid product in every sense.
 excellent protection.
 Got this for my son for Christmas.  He loved it.  His old otter box cover had started to peel after several years of use.  This one looks like it may be more durable
 No flaws. Great protection.
 Great Product
 This is my first iPhone and I wanted something to project it with. So far, I am very pleased with the Otter Box.
 Only case I ever buy.  Keeps my phone safe and secure. No issues at all.  I love this case.
 Great phone case
 Very sturdy and protects my phone
 Having read other reviews, I was expecting issues with the clear cover. However, the case is flawless.  Accessing all ports and switches is easy and, having dropped it a few times already, it protects the phone.
 Great case. Otterbox's never disappoint.
 Fast delivery, easy installation
 👍
 Great quality
 Gave a 4 because back material is slick non-rubberized
 great product; very durable, really protects your phone - quick delivery. Just what I wanted. Price was great.
 This was a really smart bought buy. My son has the phone + case now and he just thinks it is awesome.
 👌
 Great look with good protection. Lots of compliments
 It is kind of big and clunky AND it protects my iphone investment superbly.  I do out door work and needed this kind of protection.
 Tech protection!
 This seems to be a fake.  My son has had his phone a week.  Already all scratched up inside the case and has a cracked sceeen. Don’t buy!
 I puuchased this for my new phone and the color and durability is more than I expected,
 Best case out there hands down
 Otter Box makes great products. This is no exception. Great protection for my iPhone.
 Perfect fit, hate how I have to tap harder because the screen protector at times but it's tolerable for some protection. I feel my iPhone 7 will be very safe in this case. I purchased the camo one as well and it is perfect.
 Great look &amp; secure.
 It is very protective and it looks nice.But it bulky and hard to take off and on.the screen is hard to type and press the screen.
 keeps phone protected
 Bought this in November. Out of return window. Super disappointed with product. All the camo is rubbed off to white!!! Bummed.<br/>Edited to say-called otter box customer service and they are sending new one for shipping of 5.99 . Good resolution
 Tried many other cases but this one is the best!  Recommend it a 100 %
 I love this phone case, it’s colors were bright. I feel more confident that my phone won’t break while it’s in this case
 EXCELLENT
 great case for Iphone 7 !
 I like that the case is extremely durable and is easy to remove once you know how. The best part is the case covers the screen of the phone. The worst part I can think of is no space for cards or money but that is it.
 Perfect if you are a Detroit Lions fan..great color and fits perfectly.
 Very sturdy.  Will keep phone safe when dropped on ground, especially as this is for my 11yr. old grand daughter
 works perfect!
 Very happy with product. Shipped quickly highly recommend
 great works and fits my iPhone 8
 best one in myoption
 Great protection for your iPhone. Watch Youtube video for directions to open and put on phone.
 This OtterBox is definitely not as well-made as other models I’ve bought in the past. It has already cracked in three different places and although it’s protecting the phone, I worry about the durability because of how easy the case this it’s self broke
 Great purchase.
 Good for multiple drops
 Very happy with the product. My 15 yr old has the phone and is attached at the hip. Only thing is the camo has rubbed off and its only a month old. But doesnt take away from the durability my main concern.
 new
 Very sturdy. Great color. Excellent price.
 It protects the phone like it should but only a month after having it the camp print started to scratch off quite a bit. Now most of it has come off, really irritated about that considering the cost of the case. I’m not rough with my phone, it usually just sits in my pocket.
 Thank you sooo much. Perfect product.
 Great product, as advertised.
 Works great!
 I love Otterbox!
 Sturdy case for the IPhone*8.
 A car ran my phone over with this case and nothing happened to it. 10/10
 Wonderful investment.
 Love my new case. Thank you so much. Fits my iPhone 8 perfectly. Wonderful seller, smooth transaction, and fast shipping! A++++ Highly recommend. A pleasure to do business with. Thank you =)
 Great, sturdy, good looking case. I'm not worried about breaking my phone.
 Excellent sturdy rugged case and a super steal of a price
 This is my third case, the plastic clear lens scratches too easy
 otterbox is always great. had many, drops and opps are not a big deal. never lets down.
 Perfect great product to protect your iphone
 met expectations
 At first I was a little unsure as to what I would get with frustration free packaging. However, the OtterBox was perfect and just like brand new. Saved a ton of money over the new retail price. Will definitely order like this again.
 As expected!  Which is a plus anymore!
 Camo print practically wore off after a month. I have bought many Otterbox cases and never seen this.
 Great Price and Case!
 It came in an outer box package. Works amazing.
 The previous generations have had a better quality. The screen protector interferes sometimes with touch sensing on the iphone. That was never an issue on the same one for the iphone 5. I think i'll be removing the screen protector it comes with from the case. Other than that I know it's durable but come on. Interacting with a touchscreen phone is just as critical as keeping it safe. This will keep your phone safe though.
 Drop my phone often and this protected it!
 THEY ARE THE BEST CASES
 Seems Wrong product arrived again. My Iphone 7 will not fit in the Otterbox. Phone seems too thick. Casing will not close. Photos attached and phone specs attached in photo. Packaging photo also attached
 Great product providing excellent protection
 Sturdy and nice as always.
 You just can't beat on Otterbox
 Works well and has awesome protection for my son but is bulkier and heavier than expected.
 Still a great case and had to have it for all my new phones.
 Helps keep your phone " new". I've owned several of this in the past years. No regrets! Works great! Replace once a year because of wear.
 Great product. TOO BULKY!! Bullet proof!!!
 Case started to peel after a month
 Best cases ever for the Apple phone.
 Great product
 Pleased
 Great looking not a true otterbox however works as well and at a cheaper price
 I had a Defender Series for my 5s. These are a great, rugged, case!
 The case protects my phone.  But after just a few months' use, the camouflage pattern is nearly worn off.  Furthermore, the touch screen does not work consistently with the clear cover over the screen.
 My husband ordered this for his new iPhone 8. It fits perfectly.
 Fits the IPhone 8 perfectly.  I have been please with the Otterbox Defender case
 Fit the iPhone 7 perfectly and gets the job done. Arrived on time. Couldn't be happier.
 Only case I trust on my phones!
 Good price for Otter and I liked their choice of colors.  Quick delivery.
 The best wouldn’t buy anything else, I have 4.
 Good case but let's a lot of dust in
 I bought these cases for my family and we really like them. The best cases we have ever bought.
 Fits great love it.
 Item as described
 Everything it says it does
 I have dropped my phone dozens of times with the Otterbox without any problems.  My last Otterbox case lasted 3 + years.
 Light weight but durable.
 fit perfect, genuine OtterBox.
 Otter Box; there are other alternatives but why would you??!
 Cute &amp; it fits my iphone 7 and does a great job protecting it.
 Cheap and great cover.
 I returned item because I ordered the wrong case.  Had it been the case for the iPhone Plus it would have been perfect.
 Fit perfectly!
 Excellent protection for cell phones. This brand is the only one we trust!
 This is my second otter box defender case. I love them. It protects your phone completely. My husband has already dropped his more than 5 times. No damage. Would definitely buy again. It would be the 4th one. All were changed because of phone upgrade.
 It's an OtterBox, what more can be said? Snug fit, great protection. Well worth the money.
 Love it<br/>Same quality as my previous otter box cases
 Great case
 Great product and price
 It fits my daughters phone just right and she loves the color.
 All of the camouflage washed off of it
 Best phone case.  Second one I have owned.  Wish you did not have to buy a new phone case every time you purchase a new phone.  Highly recommend OtterBox Defender series.
 Best  iPhone protector that I've ever had. I recommend it highly.
 I've never had a problem with an Otterbox and never had any phone damaged while in one.  Guess I'll stick with the best!
 Good
 The phone is well protected with this case.  It is a bit difficult to put on and take off.
 Exactly what I wanted.<br/>Tough and durable
 Works great!! Glad I ordered it
 These cases have saved me plenty of phones and they are well worth the money
 Hubby is satisfied 😊
 Was a gift for my hubby! he loved it
 Cute and functional.
 Awesome
 Fit perfect
 The back wore of in less then a month
 Good price, will work fine.
 Nobody comes close to this price for great quality! Thanks Otter Products, LLC.
 Awesome product.  Very easy to attach to my phone.
 Just as described
 Car ran over phone. This case was destroyed but not a scratch on phone ! Great buy !
 My son say it's difficult to put together
 No issues at this time. My phone has dropped several times and the case is holding up good! When you have two yong kids, a case is a must!
 perfect case
 Well made and good protection!!!
 Really what I wanted
 Love it
 GIFT
 Tough case but does make phone bigger.
 Such an awsome price and really nice!
 Drop my phone all the time. Never worry if it’s cracked when I pick it up.
 Work great at protecting your phone!  Would definitely order again!
 Love this case and the colors. Arrived quickly! Good price and just what I need.
 bulky look but protects phone well.  great for those who have the dropsies.  prior otter case for iPhone 5s lived up to its expectation.  phone was dropped many times and phone came out unscathed.  able to trade in for iPhone 7!
